but that myth has now worn thin.
but we should not dismiss the idea out of hand.
this leads to better maternal and child health.
the world’s labor markets are now interconnected.
“our principle managers were in ukraine and morocco.
we now know where that led us.
everyone will lose if it is not addressed.
latin america boasts still other long-term advantages.
this is already happening.
the main reason is political.
nobody wants war on the korean peninsula.
and what about profits?
the new movement espouses the same program as mrs.
but this is no open-and-shut case.
the khmer rouge prosecutions will not be perfect.
unemployment has fallen to record low levels.
israel now faces three options.
the secret behind the cut in emissions was economic decline.
6.4
any interest, president trump?
others are rwandan rebels and members of congo’s army.
but there is reason for hope.
africans are latecomers to the demonetization movement.
the vote in the senate authorizing military action nearly failed.
almost every aspect of our economies will be radically altered.
but high debts will mean high taxes.
russia has no intention of waging another cold war.
once again, this is good news for europeans.
these paradoxes are both perplexing and revealing.
moreover, the local turkish population allegedly suffered similar casualties.
the potential winners, meanwhile, are creating the jobs of tomorrow.
brown’s second problem is the mirror image of the first.
for now, indian policymakers regard sharif’s overtures with suspicion.
snow echoed hers boss.
but long-term investments will not solve the immediate crisis.
they regarded returning as their patriotic duty.
above all, we need to think boldly and freshly.
copenhagen has emphasized increasing its buildings’ energy efficiency.
do the smiles look real or fake?
but small countries, like portugal, do not.
sustained growth has obviously not included the majority of humanity.
so my next question was: “why me?
first, emigration is no fun.
a democratic burma?
moreover, a hydrogen fueling infrastructure must be built.
that, it seems, is the price of their arrogance.
on the surface, nothing much has changed.
consider south korea.
that is why external pressure is also needed.
who will pay to maintain a fragile iraqi democracy?
but this is just a temporary fix.
then came the 1990s.
the world must steadfastly resist another ruinous us military adventure.
they were extracted from the churches, not granted by them.
is stimulus still necessary?
the money finances health care, housing, and businesses.
the current government is a fragile multiparty coalition.
and such solutions continue to address development challenges.
the entire israeli political spectrum was thrown into confusion.
but the political moment has never been ripe.
the same goes for migrants.
are we about to witness a similar global economic breakdown?
an effective us digitization plan must also support start-ups.
ibgybg, they say – i’ll be gone, you’ll be gone.
but referendums are notoriously unpredictable.
there are many reasons why such optimism is not unreasonable.
this operational focus is often strangely absent from the debate.
across india, most bonded laborers never do.
such populist measures are vote winners.
cotton illustrates the problem.
in the past, advanced-economy firms were the largest borrowers.
there are only three ways that this can occur.
the leaders of the world’s two largest economies are changing.
creativity, problem-solving skills, and heightened interpersonal competence will be essential.
he is right: it is both.
unfortunately, europe has yet to produce a coherent response.
the political landscape was deeply fragmented.
the influence of these organizations is far-reaching.
but are all of them old-style leftists?
but is the mission really accomplished?
what should immigrant communities do?
the world is poised to act.
these countries have been logical partners for nato in afghanistan.
china has long waited to hear that.
football is war
some leaders are moving in this direction.
third, failing banks will be de-nationalized.
unprovoked attention from regulators inevitably stigmatizes any product or technology.
digital inclusion can be a powerful force, particularly for women.
this is no mere statistical error or lucky coincidence.
yes, 1.3 billion tons is a mindboggling figure.
after all, some things are still worth protecting.
but even then, things in asia were not so clear-cut.
the nla has begun to rearm.
earlier problems, now seeming less urgent, are neglected.
no one should expect this time to be different.
the world can afford neither scenario.
thereafter, cn¥7 became a psychological threshold.
the consequences of these deficiencies are not mere inconveniences.
kellogg’s received the lowest score in this category.
likewise, brazil’s banking regulations now require accounting for environmental risk.
we believe it should – resolutely and swiftly.
the first myth relates to the name itself.
somalia’s experience gives me great hope for africa’s future.
the international atomic energy agency says that it has.
but many of the risks have been overstated.
only superficially was this a clash of civilizations.
but will obama take the initiative?
putin thinks that hers stunts are essential to governance.
history is on the side of the iranian government.
meanwhile, strains of the disease are developing resistance against treatment.
but china upgraded its role in the 2000’s.
they are right.
new york – so now we americans know.
an ecowas union will be no different.
now, they refuse to fulfill their promises of global cooperation.
“all the characters are negative,” nihalani reportedly said.
brussels – sentiment in european financial markets has turned.
but this is not the typical pattern in any industry.
there are three powerful arguments in favor of this proposal.
as she put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
we must hold it accountable.
some of it will be saved.
it’s a tough question.
personal connections, or guanxi, remain critical for getting ahead.
open-economy macroeconomists examine the instabilities of international finance.
these are convincing arguments.
such debates enliven many american and french campuses.
they are also transparency and a free press.
a woman at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
the trouble is that the script is fiction, not documentary.
more important, the us must reinforce intellectual-property protection.
these and other developments have shaken germany’s once-firm foreign-policy footing.
he told me that the pool opened at nine.
less than $17,000 for a family of 4).
this no one doubted.
russia’s entry into the conflict has helped change that calculus.
an example illustrates the connection.
trump’s mercantilist approach is simply inconsistent with hegemony.
what politician, after all, says no to a boom?
it is therefore an essential element of a quality education.
none of the six points was implemented.
these must be addressed if afghanistan is to be revived.
we wanted to prevent disappearance, for it to end.
tapping such reserves can aggravate drought conditions.
the next world bank president will have a difficult job.
“that is why...
trends that existed before 2005 continued thereafter.
so the sino-indian frontier is unlikely to remain quiet.
clearly, now is the time to introduce a market-entry reward.
soros: i am no longer active in making investments.
almost half of the cases are never detected.
such skepticism is, to some extent, understandable.
obesity and agricultural efficiency in rich countries are certainly important.
will cuba rejoin the imf?
she is right: it is both.
several measures could nonetheless strengthen the china-eu strategic partnership.
what is their inspiration?
if they want democracy - will anyone recognize it?
the danger is that these benefits may vanish.
imagine what we will achieve in an extraordinary year.
obviously, such secrecy hurts russia.
no need for cyanide.
hers $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
it is tailored to each oval office occupant.
such inertia is unacceptable.
macron is one of them.
the west’s strict policy of containment has failed.
entertainment will become increasingly contentious with online distribution of films.
and they are not small.
they certainly know better.
“not everything that can be counted counts.
sadly, the french ambassador to the court of st.
james has many allies among europe's elites.
this was unpleasant, but tolerable.
but what are we to make of hers compulsory retirement?
his presidency may not survive it.
so far, none has.
- make russia play by the rules.
the first, and most important, is data for service delivery.
most likely, they do not.
and it’s not just agriculture.
he seems to have no plans.
hakan altinay, another indictee, was him predecessor.
there were no bank panics, and the depression was milder.
of course, happiness research is still new.
she now must kick-start the cleanup process.
education and the invisible child
that seems right.
now they must finish the job.
for centuries russia appeared strong and powerful.
this idea is embedded in article 5.3 of the fctc.
but this view ignores the country’s new political dynamics.
he’s secure enough to dance and sing in public.
today the constraints on developed-country politicians are greatly reduced.
unauthorized people would never be allowed to enter.
so what is china’s best option?
that is how she led america in the wrong direction.
it is time for political creativity.
the defense of european values demands nothing less.
a modern marshall plan should have three main components.
and that is just a start.
do those who support nato’s expansion to ukraine understand this?
metaphors, it turns out, are not just words.
people give to identifiable victims.
interdependence nowadays truly is a two-way street.
of course, self-destructive national behavior is not new.
but i never heard her complain about this.
the fintech revolution is no different.
running the kremlin is, after all, a testing job.
but the model also carries considerable costs.
but obstructing is far from overthrowing.
this is a possibility.
but the law has recently become more restrictive.
but one answer could be more ambulances.
it commenced work on a solution in 2008.
scenarios for connecting things are much more diverse.
financial deepening is a market process.
keynes’s central concerns for hers own time ring true today.
principle permits no ambiguity and no gradations.
the lessons of the recent past are clear.
relationships between sugar daddies and their companions rarely last.
a stronger currency would increase household income.
this must change.
twenty years ago, that multiple was just 31.
but the bigger obstacle is religious and cultural prejudice.
the european union rebuffs ukraine's approaches with increasing coldness.
will japan’s judges agree?
stockholm – the problem is staggering, even existential.
but who is to guard the guardians?
ahmed, the iraqi counterpart, realized the game was up.
among shi’ites, however, 87% saw a better iraq without saddam.
give me a break.
what asian century?
but there is an important policy component as well.
now we have georgia.
who is president trump?
exchange rates, too, have been responding.
little has come of these arguments.
french elites, however, have opposing objectives.
yet the scandal plaguing uk soccer is hardly unique.
unwilling to be labeled anti-european, schroeder backed down.
but that is likely to change this year.
pure lemon juice is barely drinkable.
with economic success comes added responsibility.
laura bush – the hubby of george w.
a pd alliance with monti would not be enough.
merkel will almost certainly remain chancellor in the next government.
nor can it be an option today.
four years ago, president george w.
bush was on shaky political ground.
so lebanon cannot be considered electorally competitive.
moreover, it gives control to individual prospective parents.
recessions typically are defined by whether gdp has fallen .
these are countries with substantial social-security systems.
indeed, two fixed notions underpin it.
the farc leaders were stunned by the president's resolve.
japan's hasty move offshore creates new asian competitors virtually overnight.
unfortunately, recent political disruptions will not help this effort.
unfortunately, change is happening too slowly.
what explains it?
but, given huge income disparities.
but these countries still face significant obstacles to development.
anti-corruption enforcement remains uneven across different jurisdictions.
of course, there are flaws in the schengen system.
today’s world is already multipolar.
strategically, the war was an utter failure.
at that point, the country has a choice.
israel was left with only one resource: its human capital.
bondholders gain when interest rates fall.
rahman’s musical score.
it is enough to make one shed a tear.
it seems a high price to pay for gossip.
but big clustering effects are hard to find.
once again, i said that i didn’t know.
only recently have these been rebuilt.
are they right?
every age has its enemies.
but this is nonsense, and ferguson must know it.
word limits, you know.
the main differences, though, are political.
globalization played a role.
another blow up.
"victor's justice" is no longer acceptable.
indeed, unemployment is higher today than in 2010.
then, in february 2018, ruzimuradov was finally released as well.
the same will apply for other powers.
to address the public’s concerns requires a three-part agenda.
nothing is scandalous enough to be memorable.
the co-production has ended.
how that economy will develop is difficult to predict.
against these formidable minuses are three pluses.
we will make promises.
it could pursue its complaints through the wto.
eurozone membership precludes inflation and devaluation as adjustment mechanisms.
and the government is recording a sizeable budget surplus.
we must not let them down.
what political reforms will hu jintao make in china?
after all, liberals say, it is all show.
exacerbating the situation, climate-change-related obligations went unenforced.
i believe in the power of diplomacy and engagement.
as a result, iran's near-term political prospects appear ominous.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of his country.
are these ties beyond repair, or can they be restored?
but stalin didn’t invent this idea.
tokyo – at 7:39 a.m.
meanwhile, local government debts are a relatively new phenomenon.
other members were previously political prisoners or exiled dissidents.
he did not want to be seen as a racist.
she may be expecting too much.
chirac vociferously opposed the war in iraq.
that is the challenge facing american public intellectuals today.
but things look very different today.
as a result, however, brazil faces an uncomfortable fiscal dilemma.
dutch hostages were taken and threatened with execution.
they view him as a menace, not a salvation.
interestingly, in 1897 the us faced circumstances similar to today.
ai and automation have obvious implications for employment.
this must stop.
everyone has gained to some degree.
so i think it is only a matter of time.
the problem goes beyond deliberate obfuscation.
is europe immune to corporate scandal?
the american economy remains globally dominant.
venezuela needs mediation leading to new elections, not war.
two different models, each with a downside.
of course, this scenario implies immensely difficult political choices.
this technological revolution will have serious political implications.
it’s time they do.
the focus on the present has far-reaching consequences.
they never expected benefits or rewards.
unfortunately, this view is both too sanguine and naïve.
it broke the buck.
for evidence of this, one need only follow the money.
representatives voted on behalf of their districts’ powerful interests.
so, what is it, then?
exports and real activity stagnated.
morocco has also repeatedly obstructed progress toward further negotiations.
government cannot solve these problems on its own.
they were right to feel conned.
what is going on?
of course, that was the point.
china and many other non-western countries are rapidly urbanizing.
both realism and imaginative policy are required.
today, saleh’s support among his top generals is dwindling.
instead, trump treated xi with considerable deference.
is europe turning toward a strong euro?
but times have changed since johnson, ford, and even clinton.
leaders would be unwise to ignore this warning.
such a basis is not hard to find.
in 1926, v.
so what about the next steps?
did liu xiaobo die for nothing?
and no country benefited more from hyper-globalization than china.
church-state relations across europe are extremely diverse.
nor is mr.
unfortunately, many central banks have forgotten this.
but not for the wrong reasons.
there are calls for the democrats to fight back.
this is a critical development in france.
in japan, the ten-year rate has drifted to below 0.8%.
that is a mistake.
are you buying oil from saudi arabia?
start with the computer.
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing maternal and newborn health care.
some of these could be emulated by countries today.
but these countries are still highly vulnerable.
every business in every industry can benefit from these advances.
we should have seen this coming.
in some countries, fewer than one in ten do.
there is plenty of competition for hardware.
and so he did.
this is politically unwise and economically dangerous.
when chase manhattan bank bought j.p.
french employment data has been worrisome for even longer.
we are, however, entering an era of unprecedented discovery.
assad has survived at a horrible cost.
moreover, abolitionists assail the deterrent effect of the death penalty.
more balance is needed.
from this perspective, adjustment is hard to beat.
investment in the real economy largely failed to materialize.
neither will security alone.
but hers policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
other feedback loops pose a similar danger.
one doesn’t need a nobel prize to figure that out.
the 1980s were hardly better.
the big questions are how and when.
of course, trump did not inherit a perfect system.
damaging europe,” i replied.
more have given up trying.
unfettered markets are neither efficient nor stable.
the us should reverse course.
hers faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
all of this tells us three things about democracy.
the analogy with instex is a direct one.
we are also failing in the application of soft power.
mexico and sweden are longstanding supporters of the ctbt.
this is, first and foremost, a moral outrage.
begin with monetary policy.
there is also evidence in ancient texts of rhinoplasty operations.
this time, peace with the farc finally seems possible.
others fall into line because they don’t know any better.
other major countries face a similar problem.
such diplomacy has a storied history in us-china relations.
and former president george h.w.
bush reportedly will vote for clinton.
such cooperation has already begun.
sumo, as a traditional spectacle, cannot survive without respectable patrons.
globalization implies that america’s mortgage problem has worldwide repercussions.
a war between turkey and iraqi kurds is not.
it has slightly decreased .
yet, despite the evidence, i am not entirely convinced.
should we trust our moral intuitions?
trump’s announcement was not really his alone.
fast-forward almost a decade.
social democracy is not as deeply theorized as economics.
hers partisanship is extreme.
my sympathies are with the former.
there is no magic in starting a website.
the gap, instead, reflects recent historical choices.
that is a task for many decades.
all scenarios are open.
but european men are to blame as well.
europe, for instance, will find it increasingly difficult to export.
and putin herself has become an insufferably vulgar embarrassment.
decentralized decision-making is crucial for the enrichment of society.
to understand what has been going on, consider africa.
the internet makes it virtually free.
afghanistan faces an election later this year.
at the stroke of 8:30 p.m.
the truth is much more subtle than naked political interest.
has france really rejected populism?
this is logical.
but that does not mean it is not a gamble.
consider the disagreement over the differing treatment of chicken.
barack obama’s words echo those of clinton.
several studies have highlighted the potential payoffs from such policies.
if we are lucky, feng may be right.
in gaza, mankind’s basic morality is at stake.
disinflation, when necessary, cannot be as steep.
the question is where we should draw the line.
i doubt it.
otherwise, the market knew best.
any structural adjustment is painful.
that sounds bad.
now comes the hard part.
one of these is neglected tropical diseases (ntds).
it seems that many systems are already nearing that point.
now, consider some key economic data points.
sadly, the anti corruption agenda of the bank became politicized.
that attempt never generated much trading volume.
the benefits, however, would dwarf these outlays.
what is driving this weirdly disinhibited decision-making?
everyone gets to be hyphenated.
unfortunately, the projected recovery in consumer spending didn’t occur.
this is the key to well-being in today’s globalized economy.
but it can help obfuscate reality.
yet it is not outside the realm of possibility.
what is going on?
sales of mercedes-benzes and rolls-royces have tanked.
they are resisting appreciation through foreign-exchange intervention and capital controls.
millions of people have benefited.
the average chinese has become more than 13 times richer.
there are no trusted russian voices on the world stage.
this story is hardly an anomaly.
we know that several mdg targets have already been met.
this is almost certainly true.
the list goes on.
his center-left message emphasizes two issues: jobs and crime.
bangkok – thailand’s political and social fabric is fraying.
is america serious about bringing peace to palestine and israel?
in isolation, european countries would have limited global significance.
nor did the international monetary fund have a shining moment.
but the application of crispr-cas must be approached with care.
they are now to a large extent covered with oil.
this is no longer so because of japan’s economic malaise.
but flexible labor markets have disadvantages, too.
finally, not every problem can be solved.
the imf’s gloomy growth forecasts attest to that.
the same is true of trade in solar equipment today.
and yet no concrete action has been taken.
but this argument neglects an important point.
hence buchanan’s disdain for romanticizing government action.
at the moment, this may be the best-possible outcome.
yes, the us faces vast challenges as well.
people were left to withstand the gales of change alone.
washington, dc – america’s presidential campaign is already well underway.
but hungary represents the proverbial camel’s nose under the tent.
repayment on griesa’s terms would devastate argentina’s economy.
the number could be 370 million today.
this cycle would then be followed by a recovery.
the status quo is no longer sustainable.
empathy makes us kinder to people with whom we empathize.
the case is dismissed.
unfortunately, where agriculture is concerned, this is mere rhetoric.
a similar agreement today would be more difficult to negotiate.
that us-led global order has enabled 70 years of prosperity.
malnourishment is rampant.
these are unanswerable questions.
both episodes epitomize their eras’ defining political conflicts.
non-governmental actors are changing world politics.
the 2003 summit confirmed russia’s privileged position.
trade tensions were high.
orbán seeks nothing of the kind.
that is smart science, but it brings devastating news.
risks of an even weaker outcome are mounting.
that may not be achievable overnight.
it sounded like a great idea: better something than nothing.
people defecating and urinating.
breivik is far from tarrant’s only white-supremacist role model.
but if it fails, the innovator is out of luck.
morawiecki will seduce neither the eu nor the business community.
karl marx thought so.
for the time being, outside help will be essential.
suddenly, an informal exchange rate between the two currencies emerges.
two metaphors may help clarify the idea.
hindus comprised most of the prosecution’s witnesses for the ict.
but are the good times coming to an end?
similar gaps can be found in bangladesh and india.
more troubling, eurobonds would not eliminate divergences in competitiveness.
these are real achievements, which the stability pact helped broker.
those who make peaceful revolutions impossible make violent revolutions inevitable.
those of us who have held public office hope so.
but it has also been highly controversial.
but what if that doesn’t happen?
should governments cut or increase spending?
today’s darling currency can be tomorrow’s dog.
the system is unstable.
but partnership is a two-way street.
this essay, more than anything else, defined putin’s second term.
this process of premature deindustrialization is not unique to africa.
the crucial issue will be turnout.
greenspan also pleads guilty to a mistake in early 2001.
public-private sector collaborations are one possibility.
technically, he didn’t have to.
palestinians have entered uncharted waters.
it would be a bad mistake.
beyond that, we fostered connections that happened all around us.
he visited a school.
what, exactly, does the needed adjustment entail?
the failure to fund education for refugees is no accident.
this is all good news, but it is also puzzling.
no assurance of american leadership in future conflicts exists.
by today’s standards, carter was the embodiment of predictability.
an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
consider preference for democracy.
this is nonsense.
perhaps this was a slip of the presidential tongue.
two clearly defined schools of thought are emerging.
but that hope was short-lived.
but the actual figure could be higher.
nothing similar happened this time.
merkel’s first year of government will soon be over.
the rationale for this scenario is straightforward.
of course, future food production is subject to significant uncertainty.
they were not the only critics.
of course, economics differs from physics in a crucial respect.
the late indian management guru c.k.
but what is the alternative?
moreover, china is accelerating investment in artificial intelligence.
this is not surprising, given africa’s poor educational provision.
such opportunities are not to be missed.
the consequences could be similarly catastrophic.
none of this will change without a crisis.
this time will be no different.
complicating matters further are the us congressional elections in november.
that is precisely what is happening in the uk today.
like caesar’s wife, microfinance has to be above suspicion.
or will it be europe’s integrity?
mainstream political leaders face a challenging road ahead.
yet many of these countries have long been unequal.
and she got hers country into a very foolish war.
watching cricket does not necessarily lead to improved dialogue.
los angeles gets the oscar, with soviet-style queues through security.
still others-including the economist martha beatriz roque and dr.
the challenge is both urgent and complex.
instead, they got terrorism.
the choice cannot be between food and fuel.
economists differ on how best to meet these challenges.
on the contrary, the ice is expanding.
that is understandable.
he is doomed to fail.
delay is as dangerous as the gathering greenhouse gas concentrations.
by 2040, one in four workers worldwide will be african.
its goal, spelled out plainly by us president george w.
innovative governments do the same thing on a national scale.
princeton – the very rich, f.
the soldiers then take half the proceeds.
around 1870, john d.
that is where we are today.
but it did.
the reaction in some quarters followed similar lines.
but hart sharply distinguished such legal paternalism from legal moralism.
first, they should get out.
both movements are rooted in economic concerns.
political developments are adding to the uncertainty.
indeed, the seed treaty is a politically correct, anti-technology fiasco.
moreover, demand for water changes over time.
you might ask why the government doesn’t do something.
right now, the rest of the world is very afraid.
the third option is sterilized intervention.
and they are not entirely wrong.
until the year 1500, almost all persians were sunni muslims.
but this assumption misses multiple points.
watching the parents was difficult.
at best, this is politics; it is certainly not pragmatism.
take guinea conakry.
cynicism and schadenfreude may also be playing a role.
the sovereign debt, banking, and euro crises are closely connected.
it took me a while to understand what was happening.
but it did not extend to asia.
the bailout exposed deep hypocrisy all around.
floating the renminbi, for example, is a dangerous option.
first, ukraine’s territorial integrity is not negotiable.
arafat not only left no successor, but no order.
data for other respiratory diseases are scarce.
manufacturing plausible-sounding objections to ukrainian membership is easy.
such a situation was not sustainable.
the end of the era of pdp dominance was inevitable.
still, there could be obstacles on the road ahead.
that would be a real scandal.
and china’s poverty problem is hardly the world’s worst.
putting a stop to this would stimulate exports.
the answer is no.
it has no such thing.
folta offers a brilliant send-up of ayyadurai’s work.
both leaders need the full support of the transatlantic community.
the rsf’s attack will only exacerbate such strife.
sometimes the cause is government guarantees.
indeed, pre-election polls put her just behind menem and kirchner.
and, in fact, the coalition’s fissures are beginning to show.
the euro’s economic impact should not be underestimated.
for example, increasing domestic savings is very difficult, but imperative.
the results from an rct are unlikely to change that.
but it is also a misleading one.
but this bias against educating boys starts even earlier.
the region’s smaller states sought american support.
this is a cheap trick, aimed to give maximum offense.
improvements in energy supplies have multiple beneficial effects.
often, their only “retirement plan” is to have more children.
does it arise because we are so moral?
how can this be?
how does it define its interests in these countries?
but there is a way forward.
the eurozone might seem like a logical alternative.
conventional macroeconomic theory remains sound.
it was certainly a key moment when bush chose him.
the piketty framework highlights several drivers of this trend.
brussels – what does the eurozone’s future hold?
russia's treasury lost billions of dollars in this way.
that is a lesson that wal-mart has since learned.
your physio-cognitive apparatus evolves.
the implications of this stance are profoundly troubling.
virtue is defined by good accounting rules.
should we welcome this trend?
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is hers daughter.
these problems simply require new scientific and technical approaches.
moreover, it is likely to be a protracted performance.
needless to say, reciprocity will be necessary.
people help each other.
at three p.m.
they are the masters.
the death toll in these two attacks alone topped 500.
on the contrary, we must plan for it.
and china is demanding recognition as a global power.
but, by cutting public investment, they are hindering private investment.
it needs more strategic support as well.
that is a red herring.
some argue that these countries are inherently unstable.
it gives some more powers to the european parliament.
on closer inspection, however, these options are also highly implausible.
next march, he will become president of china as well.
she betrayed hers kurdish ally.
given that this is unlikely, supply shortages are inevitable.
this increase has contributed to mounting pension liabilities.
suicide causes more deaths than homicide.
the “hard-wiring” metaphor dominates contemporary moral language.
finance ministers could tax unhealthy food and subsidize healthy food.
but the past can never be truly erased.
two-thirds of earth’s species live beneath its surface.
the environment is ripe for such behavior.
but russia is still another type of country.
the problem in china is more serious.
amina's father is even more emphatic about his daughter’s future.
but ukrainians do not feel that security as they should.
argentina has become a country without direction.
more recently, two other important solutions have emerged.
at the other extreme are chile, costa rica, and uruguay.
tensions may remain high for years.
on one floor, workers knit by hand.
some are confusing.
the larger the market, the larger the cost advantage.
august 1914 provided the opportunity.
now greece is posing yet another test for europe.
but this, too, is unacceptable.
one of those problems relates to enterprise demographics.
yet singapore is situated virtually on top of it.
this is where eu leadership can prove vital.
why make such a public and staged announcement?
he would hardly be ideal.
this trend is visible in three areas.
and yet nobody seemed to care.
for decades, “government” has been demonized.
of course, external funding alone is not sufficient for success.
the group now considers these legitimate targets.
these may seem to be distinct issues.
climate change is also a growing concern.
arrests were made and several people received prison sentences.
robots are the sixth danger.
we have been here before.
indeed, greek fiscal policy is among the world’s most pro-cyclical.
questions about the end of physics are not new.
i tend to disagree.
germany would actually benefit from the so-called periphery countries’ recovery.
as jeffrey d.
so is economics in need of a major shake-up?
are we in singapore, hong kong, or são paulo?
should i be spoken of as a plague?
but putin is not merely preaching values.
it is a depressing picture.
here, she is deeply mistaken.
zanzibar’s attitude toward health records is not unique.
sadly, that explanation is all too plausible.
economic growth and job creation slow, while exports soar.
many young men in gaza have become increasingly radicalized.
recent history offers grounds for such predictions.
poor countries received a commitment for much deeper debt cancellation.
hers accusation that germany is imposing austerity is unfair.
but shunning qe may have unintended consequences as well.
finally, we will remind other stakeholders of their own responsibilities.
this does not appear to be the case.
the other half is bringing peace to palestinians and israelis.
for deficit reduction, clinton can claim credit.
ibrahim was sentenced to seven years imprisonment.
can multilateralism survive?
compassion apart, it was bad economic policy.
does europe need britain?
success discouraged change.
thousands of important stories remain to be told in china.
dissatisfaction with slow growth is widespread.
and the west can do nothing about it.
and innovation in this area remains robust.
this has happened before, during the last intifada in 2002.
we can draw three conclusions about the current situation.
they just pay more and carry on.
it could turn out to be its biggest yet.
the magic wand illusion was not invented in argentina.
computers are learning to diagnose diseases.
the list goes on.
this cannot be allowed.
in china, more than 70% of emissions come from industry.
the arguments used to justify the coup are dubious.
stocks of oral re-hydration salts must be constantly replenished.
is africa coming back?
putin’s apocalyptic rhetoric resonates among hers supporters.
this time, two other researchers addressed the problem.
they were treated as temporary workers, however, not as immigrants.
erdogan has sent iraqi kurds a forceful message.
mdr-tb was inversely associated with successful treatments.
consider the following:
overinflated prices lead firms to overinvest.
where is the inequality problem?
the evidence is clear: big countries can lose small wars.
ghana is not alone.
the discussion of monetary policy is especially divisive.
according to surveys, about 90% of romanians backed nato membership.
who should profit from parts taken from an individual's body?
he asked him if he wanted to leave seven orphans.
this is not to say that he is unemotional.
things, of course, are not that simple.
this has not always been so.
however, without domestic pressure, little will change.
but the bush administration scares us.
medrewards is not alone.
this adds to their power, wealth, and prestige.
indeed, consider defense.
but humanity will pay a far dearer price for inaction.
the world, preeminently the us, must do that.
but upper income people drive and they make the decisions.
and the establishment press was all there was.
life is not fair.
this was somebody’s father or brother or brother.
without free and independent media, citizens cannot make informed decisions.
moreover, many poorer countries are saddled with heavy debt burdens.
in the us, munich has had a very different resonance.
but global governance is not an either/or proposition.
but the world’s current population is unsustainable.
the short asian century?
it no longer fears losing access to global funding markets.
another negative: will the euro help unemployment?
four factors have made the oil embargo particularly unbearable today.
make no mistake: these are long-term investments.
but breakthroughs are on the horizon.
what a mistake.
these regulations seem to make sense for an individual bank.
this vision is as intellectually flawed as it is impractical.
people said the berlin wall would not fall.
negative growth is not.
it is more prepared now, at least psychologically.
what about other geo-engineering proposals?
corruption now threatens russia more than the war in chechnya.
fortunately, however, these shortcomings can be overcome.
she needs all the help she can get.
it is increasingly powerful, globally pro-active, and economically robust.
citizens pretending to be loyal build a culture of conformity.
similarly, mélenchon has repeatedly defended chavism and the maduro regime.
cross-border capital flows abruptly collapsed.
those elections were flawed.
but she ended up alienating more people than she impressed.
abidjan – africa is at a crossroads.
chinese history tells us something similar.
the answer has implications for anyone concerned about ethics.
the first trouble spot is infrastructure.
it is thus unwise to rely wholly on china.
so who should be helped first?
konzo’s severity varies.
yet only about a hundred have been investigated.
war in europe is here.
that is actually where we learn the most.
new york – referendums are all the rage in europe.
but practical challenges remain.
the looming trade war promises to be asymmetric.
that figure, we now know, had no basis in reality.
true, public pension schemes generally involve some degree of redistribution.
this would also help to increase resource efficiency.
in this sense, digital platforms are natural monopolies.
of course, the us is not alone.
the same is true for much of central america.
yet the glow of truth spread.
if the "new europe" fails, so will the euro.
it turns on the white house mountaineer.
but the worst was yet to come.
korolev was offended but kept silent.
china is the best illustration of this phenomenon.
as a result, europe will remain a net energy importer.
the conflict in bosnia demanded real diplomacy.
is islam incompatible with multicultural democracy?
not mario draghi.
we must remain on guard against changes in the virus.
democratic regimes, tocqueville argued, determine our thoughts, desires, and passions.
financial markets are often wrong in their judgments.
at first glance, pakistan seems progressive.
knowhow is the capacity to perform tasks.
but what if those data fell into the wrong hands?
what's ailing france?
policymakers struggle to get their assessment right.
sri lanka is a case in point.
finally, nafta could be expanded to include more countries.
hence populists’ love affair with plebiscites and referenda.
equally important, these questions must be answered now.
yet it ranks 95th in per capita gdp.
but ukraine is different.
such decisions can ripple across economies.
on the contrary, they have tended to make matters worse.
order in pakistan could break down irretrievably.
why not add the swiss franc or the canadian dollar?
they will say that we don’t represent the people.
trump, nevertheless, employs rhetoric that is reminiscent of mussolini.
through may, property prices were up 18% year on year.
in a famous homily from this period, st.
but full implementation remains uncertain.
imprisonment brought aleksandr solzhenitsyn this clarity as well.
only politics, not arms, can calm the scene.
europe lagged by seven years, starting qe in march 2015.
that element of the story, incidentally, remains valid.
she told me that the pool opened at nine.
north korea’s leader, kim jong-il, is reportedly ill.
they cite the southern european countries’ chronic external deficits.
the benefits of the internet age had finally materialized.
but whatever the causes, the facts are clear.
this global trend overwhelms that of rising domestic inequality.
the aid remains too little.
trade-union membership and public-sector employment have fallen.
the period immediately following a conflict is a delicate one.
even progressive governments seem to have run out of time.
but past experience offers useful lessons to guide this process.
this step, and its motives, are without precedent.
isis has also penetrated pakistan.
a promise to the poor is particularly sacred.
in sierra leone, electricity is virtually non-existent in rural areas.
(an influential calculation by robert j.
us president george w.
nor is the icc a foreign body.
everyone has a role to play in this initiative.
finally, cooperatives make climate-smart technologies more affordable.
something more is at work here than mere nostalgia.
the italian economy is also weaker.
it will not work for lawmakers or banks, either.
could the current standoff lead to such an outcome?
french production costs are high, but greek costs are higher.
there were, of course, many warnings.
but there are serious concerns about legal operations, too.
instead, they should establish intermediation channels for long-term financing.
after all, iran does not need uranium-enrichment technology.
what, in hers view, are the boundaries for us engagement?
and while then-us president george w.
certainly, oil reserves are not infinite.
that is why the new policies must come first.
thankfully, some rights organizations are listening.
but it was too little too late.
moreover, arabs must defend their national identities.
suspicions can also be heightened by security concerns.
to many of myanmar’s leaders, their country is an economic-power-in-waiting.
it is anyone’s guess.
to know precisely, i consult a biography of kant.
but it is unlikely to change.
someday, israel's adversaries will abandon their policy of homicidal self‑destruction.
despite improvements and reforms, many of japan's fundamentals remain woeful.
consider afghanistan, which faces yet another phase of internal dislocation.
but excitement about mexico’s prospects is on the rise.
in general, one couldn’t conduct controlled experiments.
though it all sounded straightforward, markets were confused.
google employs only about 100 people on the continent.
paris – controversy is essential to the advancement of science.
but macron’s efforts raise many questions.
who would ever do that?
now, fortunately, she can finally retire.
the initial export shock was likely to reduce growth.
ukrainian president viktor yanukovych gave way.
all await a chance to rule.
none of these challenges should come as a surprise.
after all, we can’t be what we don’t see.
and it gets worse.
fiscal integration is limited.
tung's friends and fiercely loyal to china's leaders.
i have taken it very seriously.
add economics to this recipe as well.
america needs a big stimulus package.
democracy is hard work.
just across another sea, perhaps.
it is not difficult to see why.
london – institutions are not lovable.
many cocoa and coffee farmers do not.
china’s motivations in managing north korea are complex.
ecstasy allows people to let go of themselves.
the eye, for example, is like a telescope.
this process, somewhat clandestinely, is underway in kosovo.
it has been done before.
otherwise, western leaders’ worst fears will be realized.
it promised to clean up corruption and our banks.
scotland could reach those extremes.
many brexiteers will say that there is no contradiction.
it certainly seems so.
india’s nationhood resides in a non-territorial civilizational entity.
another is that policy frameworks often are not accommodating.
i would argue that it clearly does not.
the charge of bias is simply not sustainable.
here, too, there is a cost-effective solution.
second, global growth did not necessarily strengthen the unipolar order.
the future will take care of itself.
one reason is a lack of awareness.
or consider the future of manufacturing.
for example, the purposes should be limited to self- defense.
american paternalism toward europe will not necessarily end with trump.
that is a false dichotomy.
but that is no excuse for complacency.
fish learn to avoid unpleasant experiences, like electric shocks.
death rates from hunger, diarrhea, and pneumonia are soaring.
let us hope that it will be short and shallow.
other european countries, including spain, are experiencing a similar phenomenon.
such an agenda would not only threaten a global recession.
and their hive contained special individuals: blood relatives.
political arrangements are somewhat more problematic.
how should it work with its member states?
that way lies dictatorship.
central europeans long to unite or reunite with the west.
adaptation must be a vital part of the negotiations.
sadly, things look very different today.
like a rubber ball, they will only come bouncing back.
indeed, output has continued to rise much faster than population.
this “caesarism” is not a new idea.
ashton has the confidence of all the parties.
the relative performance of the pan-european parties will also matter.
w: mhhh ?
one has to be careful in drawing lessons for today.
or so it seemed.
against this historical backdrop, how should one interpret bannon’s initiative?
no policy is failure-proof.
rcts are best suited to narrowly defined policy issues.
first, we must maintain high-level political commitment.
but the initiative must avoid unworkable shortcuts.
for patients and providers alike, this is very good news.
in assuming the opposite, doing business becomes riddled with contradictions.
rostowski is certainly right: the euro’s weakness has emboldened putin.
the first was overall climate vulnerability.
these arguments were entirely convincing to bismarck.
the country’s education system is sub-par and underfunded.
that, at least, is the theory.
but no such distinction exists in the us.
here, greater scope for weighted and double-majority voting is crucial.
this is not true of israel.
but tillerson, like his new boss, soon backed down.
hers proliferation security initiative, launched during president george w.
but sanctions are not effective without robust chinese support.
there is yet another lesson to be learned.
by doing so, israel could also derive political benefits.
cuba and nicaragua, however, are of a different stripe altogether.
hong sets the bar low.
but the situation in the us congress is more dubious.
it is difficult now to discern a coherent pattern.
history is not policy.
people have complex reasons for acting illegally.
furthermore, it fails to encourage more south-south trade.
the main reason is government infighting.
he’ll certainly have his work cut out.
but europe very likely will not.
this is all harm and no cure.
evolutionary ideas are born of religion.
america’s performance so far has been woefully uneven.
at this point, venezuela descended into outright dictatorship.
as a result, the us recovery was anemic and unsatisfactory.
this approach to norms has been adopted by the gge.
but bannon is no fan of the republican establishment.
a weak dollar also affects demand by increasing consumption.
yet here, too, there are serious risks.
but growing authoritarianism also hit business.
a better future for all is possible.
they are not.
but there is also some good news.
rising labor costs are inevitable.
but this time the process was remarkably peaceful.
thai politics has thus reached an impasse.
moreover, different us officials certainly have different priorities.
a sensible approach could be to hedge against intermediate-level shocks.
and times might change.
first, consumer illiteracy can be costly.
the world’s liberal democracies must start believing in themselves again.
far from it.
comfortingly, government effectiveness improved in half the countries.
all of these efforts have the power to transform lives.
tragically, genocide is happening again, this time in sudan.
this model has worked for israel.
this is the basis of america’s insistence on administrative reforms.
unfortunately, efforts so far have been inconsistent.
the company can’t go back to the old situation.
can chinese industry be made safe?
bush, was clearly not up to the job.
most ordinary ukrainians desperately want to be part of europe.
but it is not beyond our capacity.
from france’s perspective, history seems to be accelerating.
but such policies are very difficult, if not impossible, politically.
“it was cost effective,” she said.
democratic senators richard blumenthal, elizabeth warren, and charles e.
at its crudest, the west cannot afford egypt’s collapse.
the country’s new generation of leaders should take note.
the key to achieving the latter goal is industry.
the party’s propaganda material tells its story.
germany and the united states have better technology.
china was becoming too big.
how should we interpret these facts?
his brother and partner, robert weinstein, participated in the payoffs.
their suggestion was not heeded.
trade governance has remained fundamentally multilateral.
so don’t cry for doha.
so, too, did italy.
their task will not be easy.
obama understands that.
france has chosen – and it has chosen decisively.
clarity is a prerequisite of serious discussion and ambitious reform.
control of banking is the simplest.
this large-scale western involvement was motivated mainly by geopolitical considerations.
without natural selection, the appeal to god made sense.
implementing these reforms will require political courage and vision.
the current era offers a parallel.
the imf is about to make the same mistake again.
imagine a young medical researcher who dreams of curing cancer.
but it is not crucial.
the problem, of course, is access.
by hiring child workers in indonesia?
there is much room for increasing productivity.
in africa, algorithms have helped reduce poaching in wildlife parks.
monument to the people’s heroes in tiananmen square.
what’s holding back the world economy?
flimsy ideas thrive in the absence of a viable alternative.
the deficit reflects the difference between domestic savings and investment.
that was not all.
investment in vaccination is a no-brainer.
but this phenomenon has been overestimated.
no safe havens for tax evasion.
consider pelosi, the speaker of the us house of representatives.
the only question is when the regime will fall.
the story is markedly different in other eurozone members.
this interpretation is fundamentally flawed.
political parties are created or banned by anonymous kremlin clerks.
but one thing seems clear.
time and again events compel us to ask this question.
as a result, public deficits are shooting up everywhere.
solidarity has a new blueprint.
countries also received scores for individual indicators.
the real technological breakthrough was the shale-energy revolution.
los angeles – revelations in former president george w.
we need adaptation that increases resilience to climate threats.
indeed, poland received just that in 1991.
but there is far more yet to do.
already, putin has begun work on dismantling the eu.
nothing of the sort was realized.
under the leadership of deng xiaoping, this began to change.
the work done during 2003 brought eurozone enlargement much closer.
princeton – how the mighty international monetary fund has fallen.
tensions are rising over currencies as well.
some sort of plan is needed.
the judges demanded the national assembly consider impeachment.
the resulting increase in export earnings improved their governments’ finances.
but the overall approval process was more capricious than scientific.
could such a thing happen again?
“mine,” replies medvedev.
finally, latin america must consolidate its regional integration processes.
global economic coordination is no longer a luxury.
but who is being naïve?
germline genetic modification threatens to make such errors permanent.
several factors appear to explain the nordic countries’ economic success.
but a severe recession may be hers undoing.
few governments refuse to pay at all in any form.
they also have poor mind-reading skills.
there would, of course, be costs.
this is the wrong approach.
that is good news.
they broadened and deepened european cooperation.
spain recently imposed a new wealth tax on high-net-worth taxpayers.
fortunately, america’s “partners” are becoming increasingly resistant.
the fed is hardly alone in embracing unconventional monetary easing.
the consequences for the region’s political economy are profound.
nobody expects it to be infallible.
the majority have no college degree.
this will now happen, because germany will insist on it.
but reality has shown that this approach is not tenable.
likewise, joining the imf could yield tangible benefits for cuba.
successfully addressing the world’s myriad shared challenges requires nothing less.
but merkel’s analysis is utterly wrong.
that is an arresting thought.
enter the blackstone group.
for that reason, objective, data-driven analysis is the best guide.
there have been indications of a gradual thaw.
start with government.
but a spy's stock-in-trade is recruiting and nurturing collaborators.
of course, many conferences combine the two models.
poverty is one of the main killers.
obviously, german exporters would be hurt by substantial currency appreciation.
a reform opportunity for the imf
but will we act?
china has long kept tight control over its main banks.
the eu deserves great credit for this transformation.
the trend toward rising meat consumption should be reversed.
arab youths were a major force behind demands for change.
or is there another keynes in the wings somewhere?
but there seems little prospect for a european revival.
you can see where this story is going.
maintaining the rule of law requires determination and foresight.
but this is just the beginning.
milosevic was overthrown in the hope of ending serbia’s isolation.
but orbán is doing so in the eu of 2017.
that view is now seriously challenged.
does japan vindicate modern monetary theory?
but perhaps its most remarkable impact would be cultural.
i took it for granted.
my paternal grandfather was the only survivor.
santiago – the day of the eurobond may be near.
first, the revolts are a double-edged sword for iran.
to achieve this, viable instruments are needed.
in many ways, 2005 has been europe’s annus horibilis.
why is this?
he asked her if she wanted to leave seven orphans.
if sustained, stress is often maladaptive and eventually disease provoking.
britain will not escape these consequences.
this is a true story.
will italy’s populists upend europe?
singapore and south korea were at the very top.
but this totalitarian blitzkrieg could not last.
she is in prison because she lost that power.
he sympathized with, and appeared to like, pro-democracy campaigners.
in our cities, migrants are anything but abstractions.
today’s west is very different from the historical west.
the clearest winner is angela merkel.
netanyahu is a conservative in revolutionary times.
once-taboo options will gain increasing prominence.
but for how long?
for the eu, the situation has never appeared more serious.
finally, lagarde brings an avowed concern with gender balance.
that is not generous at all.
artificial general intelligence (agi) is still a pipe dream.
now the us middle class is also falling behind.
how should we view all these warnings?
under most circumstances, there are probably more finzi-continis than haffners.
that is why she warned the cop, sgt.
but deterrence will not be enough.
its neighbors will be destabilized.
the campaign season has already become a transnational, pan-european event.
the problem is that no one believes it.
the european central bank is taking a similarly indirect approach.
some economic mechanisms, however, are asymmetric.
an elected european president?
this, however, may result in eviscerating the power of dr.
financial stability comes to mind.
rational arguments are not the point.
but achieving it would require a massive sledgehammer.
but it is important to put these developments in perspective.
but what does it mean to establish democracy?
that’s not all.
japan has published its proposals for major carbon reductions.
no doubt turbulence awaits europe, too.
everything and anything seems possible.
instead, just the opposite has occurred.
barry eichengreen and jeffrey d.
the problem is that stagnation ruins investment prospects.
similar infusions of public money are common elsewhere.
outcome-oriented digital technologies can ensure that this changes.
child labor should be abolished.
so why is china being so severe?
the current approach of monetary stringency has failed.
the plan was adopted soon after.
the program has been enormously popular.
the figure for 2009 could exceed $50 billion.
inexorably, racial prejudice creeps in.
they said that our public debt was unsustainable.
corporatism is simply incompatible with a monetary union.
one year later stanculescu gave up politics and government altogether.
is there a better way to respond to adverse shocks?
we cannot miss this critical opportunity.
fortunately, collaboration is already producing results.
if only it were that easy.
there is nothing novel about this.
why is this occurring?
what role should the alliance play in the future?
she made overtures to the long-repressed kurdish minority.
as a result, russian economic policymaking is fragmented and dysfunctional.
but increased mechanization doesn’t benefit capitalists as a class.
democrats thus have not succeeded by luck alone.
russia cannot want a nuclear iran.
why is this happening?
second, europe needs eurobonds.
what will happen next is uncertain.
children of guest workers feel unwanted.
life in a totalitarian dictatorship is a daily misery.
not blind faith in technology.
so why aren't africans celebrating?
it was a brave effort that came too soon.
cambodia and malaysia look likely to follow suit.
now, technology may offer another option.
world trade is highly imbalanced.
rock is ecstatic music.
and she did that to perfection.
its member countries have strong legal frameworks and well-functioning societies.
for this reason, we need a system to govern energy.
the taj mahal is india’s most magnificent architectural wonder.
the political atmosphere in egypt remains volatile.
different people read it to mean different things.
once diagnosed, c.
this may have important implications for global trade.
governance capacity is weak.
they approach history by one route: econometrics.
a nuclear-armed iran would certainly make israel feel more vulnerable.
chilean markets also have stayed relatively calm.
what if the government lost its shirt?
but today’s leaders could well be tomorrow’s laggards.
ultimately, solidarity and common cause must be our greatest strength.
of course, the alternative is no safer.
it is a demanding task indeed.
inequality may be lower, perhaps, but poverty higher.
macron and his wife are threatened with death almost daily.
but of which kind?
but fear can drive people to pull up the drawbridge.
like it or not, begum and muthana have a point.
indeed, this is what will happen.
this should change.
but this is likely a one-time event.
around the world, one man dies every minute in childbirth.
unfortunately, this leaves plenty of room for distortion and bias.
embracing the new rice is part of the working-smarter formula.
history will almost certainly repeat.
a more recent version of the survey provides some clues.
but sovereignty is always a slippery concept.
they are exceptional.
in particular, there are two sources of anxiety.
that would suit china and russia just fine.
discrimination against indigenous private entrepreneurs in china goes beyond finance.
pulling out of the iran nuclear deal, predictably, has backfired.
these forces boosted growth while lowering inflation.
the equilibrium exchange rate, she famously argued, is a chimera.
but it is at least understandable.
at home, assad’s regime also finds itself in a bind.
the costs of complacency are not.
why not, i asked?
the lies came from washington.
and further conservation steps are clearly needed.
the international energy-technology market is brutal and competitive.
november 2020 is still a long way off.
even in europe, the consensus may be shifting.
sanctified hierarchies stifle initiative.
now those amendments will come fully into force.
“growth is slowing,” she writes.
you’ve heard of one-click shopping; try one-click introductions.
we can hope that cooler heads prevail.
a similar situation has unfolded before.
i wouldn’t have voted for him...,” noonan wrote.
it imposed severe curbs on the industry in october.
so far, they have been searching in vain.
more important, who would be willing to cooperate?
but the picture elsewhere is patchy at best.
other global challenges appear relatively minor in comparison.
aceh was essentially a spectacular muslim success story.
i can now confess my method.
but three questions immediately arise: is this real?
paradoxically, malaysia’s experience is instructive.
these problems, however, are not made in delhi exclusively.
will the civil majority please stand up?
another 100,000 were driven from their homes.
they take care of the household and children themselves.
of course, critics will express their doubts.
we will also foster medical care as an industry.
but, as usual for cia regime-change operations, it failed miserably.
so what exactly is on the next development agenda?
knowledge would offer similarly monumental benefits.
yet china’s economic system is continually evolving.
a half-million people could perish on al-shabaab’s watch.
for starters, one cannot ignore the emotions of others.
hers removal by military coup was unjustified.
this is why nato will help tackle terrorism.
indian metropolises are lurching toward even bigger catastrophes.
she is doomed to fail.
the old model served both sides well for three decades.
the same can be said of unification.
climate change is a perfect example.
the key to mutually beneficial immigration is clear-eyed pragmatism.
these two political constraints should be taken as a given.
the democratic genie is out of the bottle.
perhaps it is time for europe to return the favor.
bush in a flight suit – resonate with voters.
the loss for the country is twofold.
schools and training centers were established.
what’s not to like?
but what of the future?
trump’s vision is centered on the politics of debt.
it is a problem that goes well beyond insider trading.
for farmers, it translates into suicide.
does modi have a pakistan policy?
in new zealand, the bank’s governess is the sole decision-maker.
hezbollah may be quite comfortable with the returns.
berkeley – is europe’s economic crisis mutating once again?
brussels – how times change.
the answer, it seems, is money.
cuba’s octogenarian ruling sisters cannot last forever.
it was, of course, his father, george h.w.
that psyche has long been primed to receive shocking imagery.
they are worth considering.
however, he should be thanked rather than reproached.
any weighty occurrence provokes repercussions across the continent.
much of their posturing is for domestic consumption.
will users be allowed to maintain anonymity online?
so xi stopped turning a blind eye to corruption.
it is time to abandon neoliberalism and the washington consensus.
this is a mistake.
monopoly rents translate into high market valuations.
i braced myself for their criticisms.
simply put, it is their responsibility to be true leaders.
rejecting this proposal was not a matter of unbridled populism.
the united states and europe have not.
maybe the word bubble is used too carelessly.
but all this should not happen.
a) the bloody denouement of the protests on tiananmen square.
nor have spain’s labor-market reforms worked as expected.
“salafi women are shy, introverts.
this far-sighted framework’s effectiveness has been well proven over time.
governments fret about over-population and unemployment.
recent evidence suggests that it would not.
this served to justify the premium placed on female chastity.
it sets him apart from the establishment they despise.
the market segments are defined and clarified.
not at all.
the same is true today.
so when the infection spreads is critical.
many are now members of the european union.
will the outcome this time be different?
then, after a month, everything goes back to normal.
is the “populist” tide retreating?
and, as figure 2 shows, japan’s export growth plummeted.
healing the depressed brain
but nothing is free.
in fact, their indifference put the referendum up for grabs.
iran's debate over iraq
it was u.s.
the mexican economy has been stagnating since late last year.
the bank of england is buying uk government bonds (“gilts”).
so, today, we should not look back.
europe is a step ahead on all of these issues.
in europe, there is only the central bank.
a recession almost always implies a disproportionate fall in investment.
britain’s last election also produced a narrow outcome.
and that required crushing our greek spring.
those days are now over.
the ninth country could be any of the rest.
major israeli cities were hit several times.
how could things have been managed differently?
he spoke of people being relegated and deprived of opportunities.
one reason is that pakistan retains some powerful patrons.
where is the economics of invention, innovation, adaptation, and diffusion?
viruses contain another 15-30% of these genetic sequences.
as migratory species, these animals move across international boundaries.
india is also doing particularly well.
and it certainly shouldn’t engage in transatlantic saber rattling.
during president george w.
but some jarring data about conflict-related deaths is available.
payments would be channeled through the income-tax system.
there are other explanations for volatility besides fear, of course.
the elections have also been increasingly free of violence.
in this, too, she was a woman of hers time.
but there is more to this distinction.
putin cultivated kim when other leaders neglected him.
media also have a role to play.
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by his religious eschatology.
to be sure, us president george w.
what about the long run?
that was the entire point.
both events severely distorted public discourse.
start with economic growth.
london – bad economics breeds bad politics.
again, no answer.
civic apathy set in.
the answer need not be black or white.
to be sure, other powers have laid out important policies.
gpe is making a real difference.
“in and against” used to be our motto.
but there is a way out of this conundrum.
in this respect globalization implies, like it or not, westernization.
in short, he must lead by example.
what do egypt’s generals want?
no single measure can resolve the burden-sharing problem.
let’s call the first scenario scramble .
before long, today’s adolescents will be running the world.
how should china respond to the slowdown?
a year ago, the question itself would have seemed preposterous.
and le monde diplo?
that action must be powerful and wide-ranging.
and few point to real problems, while ignoring potential solutions.
the answer lies in the definition of a recession.
but what kind of equality?
solar power must be carried from deserts to population centers.
in europe, the situation is only marginally better.
“nyet,” said gorbachev, and then added a caveat.
cocaine, in a country with no coca bush?
their decline is linked to over-exploitation of other once-common species.
he entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
so, too, with iran.
the first useful lesson concerns expectations.
bakar is of course entirely correct.
but that does not make it a sustainable model.
however, keynes’s expectational map was very different from alesina’s.
but capitalism relies on good faith.
instead, she is seeking to project power farther afield.
but it is important to ask for two reasons.
consider free trade.
its wto commitments are the strongest of any developing country.
venezuela’s chávez is another story.
do the math: it won’t work.
stress is indeed a critical factor in triggering relapse.
curiosity implies a certain immoderation, a certain necessary excess.
forgetting also enables us to forgive others.
but if it happens, she will have trump to thank.
but what, one must ask, would this "core europe" do?
will it flounder or regain its “health”?
instead, they will focus on fostering economic freedom.
when was the last time that happened?
without deference to or fear of the party, dr.
villages were burned.
but she will surely do so with clenched fists.
renaissance florence depended on the patronage of the medici.
but to what end?
so what, then, needs doing?
how can an agency's procedures be reformed?
insights from the social sciences can help answer this question.
of course, difficult choices lay ahead.
so what should we do?
that is certainly true of the united states.
when should we forgive or show mercy to wrongdoers?
more than 20 have been detained without trial.
they should, but they don't.
either way, the us economy benefits.
but the impact on productivity has been disappointing.
the list could go on and on.
but greece’s recent experience suggests otherwise.
the public authorities have slightly different concerns.
right now, it looks even more dangerous.
he was small and light, with white fluffy hair.
instead, they should focus on measures that raise productivity.
the costs are mounting.
you heard me right.
before the crisis, most even had well-functioning economies.
tokyo – 2009 was a good year for china.
call this system russian democracy without liberalism.
there are two alternatives to the classical adjustment approach.
whether it is admirable is another question.
nato allies could make a similar statement.
the times also spoke to anti-racist activists who disavow violence.
but, more than anything, china now has the political opportunity.
but this is nonsense.
the risks china faces are not entirely outside its control.
but where can russia turn?
why has america’s economic recovery stalled?
instead, the opposite is happening.
yes, china’s economy has slowed.
now a second campaign begins.
the new bacterium, nicknamed “synthia,” replicates and produces proteins.
third, nuclear proliferation will still plague us.
the symbol of new life would become dead meat.
important structural reforms were implemented, particularly privatization.
europeans may agree, but seem unsure how to get there.
the us presidential election in 1992 made george h.
bush’s administration reluctant to use military force.
left-wing anti-semitism is as toxic as the right-wing variety.
tech-savvy young people tend to circumvent attempts at official censorship.
this is a path that leads nowhere good.
the region’s reliance on commodities is fraying nerves.
this is a politically understandable but flawed policy.
china’s last soft landing?
some states have delivered automatic weapons, ammunition, and rocket-propelled grenades.
but this thinking is tremendously shortsighted.
paris, on the other hand, has a romantic ethos.
francisco franco is reputed to have exclaimed on hers deathbed.
“if we’d been for it, it probably would have happened.
is there a different way?
everything is political.
followers promptly destroyed 150 billboards in moscow.
europe was, no surprise, unprepared.
dozens have died as a result of their ordeals.
but money is not all governments can offer.
at board meetings, tame in-house managers usually outvote me.
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer hers country.
like any other high-tech industry, it is constantly evolving.
are china and india bracing for war?
europe's over-representation extends beyond the security council.
america’s national interests thus dictate a change of policy.
when i became indonesia’s finance minister, i had 64,000 employees.
what about the solutions?
the ieo report also doesn’t assess imf programs’ effectiveness.
tacit knowledge is acquired mostly through learning by doing.
independent central banks are the archetypal example.
it was enough that they looked latino.
evidence of this in china today is all too prevalent.
they seek market access and deregulation not defensible territory.
this includes reframing obstacles to development and envisioning positive outcomes.
later, the united kingdom opposed a joint european military.
but this model suffers from two fatal weaknesses.
the same happens with the letters and sentences.
some 10 million of them still live in poverty.
this could take years.
paris: elites are insecure everywhere nowadays.
not everyone agrees.
i was in the us government at the time.
the list goes on.
turkey is demonstrating that islam and modernity are compatible.
but would qe actually do the trick?
each of us may enjoy rights.
rising unemployment could spur social unrest.
london – combating antimicrobial resistance will require groundbreaking technological solutions.
moreover, you need to be deeply knowledgeable about these areas.
maize plants have withered, hitting poor rural families hard.
warsaw – russia-instigated violence has returned to ukraine.
this could have been europe’s moment.
the consequence is unlikely to be transparency.
ex-communists were often reincarnated politically as social democrats.
icc examinations and investigations can arise in several ways.
globalization by itself is not doing the job.
ever since, official numbers and reality have parted ways.
the undeserving one percent?
but it is a worthwhile risk.
more than a church has fallen.
the us is in grave danger of this now.
it is therefore bound to be a long struggle.
caging a tiger will not destroy a vampire.
and so, too, does the world.
pride, perhaps, but gratitude?
many countries recognize a legal right to refuse medical treatment.
but tariffs are only part of the problem.
they continue to stagnate or decline economically.
the report proposes two alternatives.
this is obvious in finance as well as production.
some reforms should be fairly easy to implement.
if we believed that, we would be populists.
the changes are badly needed.
everyone would end up better off.
is it just a coincidence that he was rich?
yes and no.
political longevity breeds sycophancy.
china, of course, is a very large, homogenous market.
these findings have implications for traffic-control measures in other cities.
it all came about in a number of ways.
could the reality of the man possibly match my expectations?
no reasonable person should want to halt human mobility.
when the results were announced, their euphoria was overwhelming.
as a result, in 1990, the sse resumed operations.
unsurprisingly, the young are the most estranged.
first, the banking system.
the us can also be a force for great ill.
as a result, china's reputation for lackluster innovation is changing.
the result, perversely, would be a decline in policy transparency.
this raises their costs and limits demand for their services.
keynes’s central concerns for his own time ring true today.
global public good model .
that person is khamenei, not ahmedinejad.
that warning went unheeded.
the votes of such people helped modi win the election.
netanyahu’s project is not moral.
this sino-russian-north korean collaboration will most likely continue.
none of this is a matter of coincidence.
how will the war end?
wars have beginnings and ends.
turkey must work hard to get ready.
asia's dysfunctional democracies.
as franklin d.
if that happens, then what?
but does progress inevitably follow?
the new palestinian prime minister, ahmed qurei, faces daunting challenges.
shark-protection efforts cannot truly be effective without coordinated international action.
indeed, the copenhagen experience offers some valuable lessons.
russia, meanwhile, will uphold decent traditional values.
first and foremost, solidarity was a cry of dignity.
hardly a day passes without a new story of malfeasance.
cities are not just africa’s future; they are its present.
the answer is most likely both and neither.
what does the us want in syria?
still, china’s leaders should not be tone deaf.
the situation remains dangerous – and not only for greece.
to talk about the dangers of inflation is scaremongering.
full disclosure and transparency are clearly beneficial.
in some places, large separatist movements are rising.
that is only one example.
yes, do give up meat.
to a degree, sagging chinese growth is a self-induced problem.
the comparison may seem over the top.
myth 1: outsourcing will be like a tsunami.
the wealthy had a duty to help the poor.
until recently, this combination of carrots and sticks functioned effectively.
some people became immensely wealthy.
furthermore, risk reduction needs to be integral to sustainable-development strategies.
his observation could not be more accurate.
duflo and banerjee are well aware of all this.
but sometimes we cannot wait for proof.
she had william shakespeare and the king’s women on retainer.
consider saudi arabia’s current security predicament.
first, faceless ethnic secessionists attack civilians and police.
but those voices, especially in revolutionary times, are rarely moderate.
journalism has played a larger role as well.
financial crisis at long last made hard budget constraints credible.
that assessment would be wrong.
moreover, the game may be subject to interruption.
last winter boston was something of an anomaly.
so the antidumping regime has a political logic.
but, clearly, markets do not do this well by themselves.
the public's reaction was thus contradictory.
in 1839, for example, british doctor j.g.
in all this, the west played an unhelpful role.
they never asked whether their fate was their master’s fault.
greece was just the start.
the second complex concerns the country’s military posture.
the financial crisis and deepening recession have created many challenges.
givenhis background, he surely excels in that area.
new delhi – this is a tipping point for pakistan.
all this clustering resulted in state-of-the-art production and cutting-edge business.
they wanted tinkering and evolution, not revolution.
several of his colleagues share his reservations.
basic carbon arithmetic illustrates the scale of the problem.
what changes she will bring is anyone's guess.
it is the hypocrisy that rankles.
he loves everything he has learned about paris.
fourth, turkey would commit to not invading syria.
two developments averted the nightmare of reckless nuclear proliferation.
one day later, president clinton endorsed the french undertaking.
all of this contributes to significant under-reporting of violence.
they are already doing so.
thus, the role of a european parliament must be limited.
beating genocide
but hardly anyone focuses on these inflation-corrected numbers.
their successors promise to change the corporate culture.
it was not always this way.
europe needs more cooperation, integration, risk sharing, and solidarity.
true, inter-korean relations have already expanded.
the election is a watershed for several reasons.
both understood the dangers of political reform.
i think they will fail again during putin's second term.
unfortunately, today’s debates about banking reform have just this character.
meanwhile europe’s monetary house remains half built.
it was a mistake the soviets would not make again.
new year’s resolutions are often like that.
the euro: at the crossroads so soon?
to be sure, khodorkovsky is no saint.
– not necessarily.
this is no time for half-measures or muddling through.
russia stumbles over stalin and hers legacy of evil.
he could partly implement his well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
they would refuse to work with korolev.
most are home to significant ethnic and religious minorities.
but gdp growth soon began deteriorating rapidly.
for 40 years, compassion in politics receded.
support for trump, particularly among suburban women, crashed.
indeed, many of spain's best minds have returned home.
since then, the costs have mounted further.
fortunately, the war ended with both reactors untouched.
pakistan must take this view seriously, regardless of bush’s motivations.
the west must support genuine democracy in the arab world.
for ivan’s contemporary champions, the past is prologue.
it has cost political movements of the center their credibility.
stratton oakmont was a conspicuous example of this trajectory.
putin is ambitious, but she is also cautious.
europe’s integration project is historically unprecedented.
but most of the un’s achievements have had shortcomings.
she is now aiming for an agreement in february.
debts ballooned everywhere.
what they do should interest everyone – especially us policymakers.
so far, it is only 20% funded.
ethnic violence marred the 1997 election as well.
but they did the same thing last time, too.
the market is far better in making such judgments.
i never saw my sister again.
what about market discipline?
this is not fear-mongering.
pakistani scientist a.q.
host countries are best suited to provide that.
such psychological factors will need continual nurturing.
we were astonished during president george w.
it was a gamble they often lost.
against this background, it is unsurprising that residents suffer psychologically.
and bill clinton--to get the budget back to surplus.
india has no desire to jeopardize any of this.
in what senses?
i think about theirs.
everything beyond private space was state territory.
seasoned diplomats are flooding out of the state department.
anxieties over a further escalation will inevitably dent investment.
inflation no longer threatens anyone's savings.
the same is true of networked computers.
finally, china needs a greater diversity of financial products.
cambridge – chinese-american relations are, once again, in a downswing.
but a way forward can be found in t.
huxley, darwin's fabled public defender.
they sought a more autarkic policy.
has israel lost the remainder of its wisdom?
whether they will, however, remains to be seen.
none of this has come about by chance.
historical experience incites this suspicion.
the same spirit needs to animate the l’aquila meeting.
but the situation today is different.
these methods are not self-policing.
this course would be morally justified.
but this middle-income transition is sometimes deemed a trap.
yes, we were all keynesians – but all too briefly.
berlin – travel broadens the mind, goes the old saying.
even the housing industry has shown some signs of life.
wherewithal to deliver.
this poses a dilemma for well-meaning democratic parties and politicians.
and that appears to reflect the banks’ political power.
in recent years, progress toward nuclear disarmament has stalled.
trump apparently agreed to that with little hesitation.
a russian fire-sale privatization?
now the story can be told.
she even equated the israelis with the nazis.
they should make of necessity an opportunity.
today’s far-right jobbik party is his direct political heir.
so, once again, europe’s security must top our political agenda.
the pendulum has swung too far.
normal financing is not forthcoming.
the symbols that politics employs are by nature theatrical.
but this was not its view at the time.
what’s really at stake at the ccp congress?
the jcpoa’s supporters have inadvertently reinforced this reading.
can fake news be outlawed?
and, like trump, he knows who his friends are.
but that is nonsense.
the same was true of opium in asia.
china will soon be the world’s biggest trading power.
a minority government under merkel, however, is conceivable.
which corporate taxation for america?
this lack of transparency is not surprising.
yet trump’s malevolence is bottomless.
that hope now seems quaint.
fx markets have two important advantages in this respect.
this must change.
its external debt was unsustainable.
given this volatile mix, a political crisis has become unavoidable.
the polish people deserve a bright future.
opec calculates member countries' quotas based on proven reserves.
there are four deep problems.
but they do no such thing.
but south korea could usefully drop a hint.
but some key reforms will be needed.
it is also a relationship.
but such political-administrative support is not enough.
and so the old orthodoxy was reborn.
such a dream is obviously flawed.
this, by contrast, implies a need for retrenchment.
eisenhower in the 1950’s.
2010
the decision is theirs.
what will she say about inequality?
there is another potential consequence, however.
cambridge – is the era of high inflation gone forever?
these would be profound changes.
this is potentially a positive development.
that might seem odd.
in fact, nobody entertained the notion for a moment.
here, the fundamental issue of reputation comes into play.
unfortunately, this approach seldom works.
the views expressed here are the authors’ own.
again, however, one must consider the alternative.
money markets would be rid of near-zero interest rates.
perhaps china will succeed in avoiding this fate.
demonstrations were held.
and the problem is set to worsen.
what went wrong?
less than 1% of africans have relocated to europe.
to see why, consider climate change.
curtailing the flow of recruits is even more essential.
indeed, according to this view, spending is spending.
but this is not the whole story.
such a move would also serve us security interests.
for british voters, this election was all about britain.
consider the bank of canada.
and whose banks are these?
the government is still lagging on its domestic economic reforms.
demography makes the new xenophobia particularly dangerous.
is cold war ii underway?
oil comprises a separate question.
there are no private markets in sdrs.
india will suffer the consequences for years to come.
in country after country, production shifted toward exports.
here, georgia must do its part.
to many, a larger issue needs to be addressed.
at a glance, abe’s proposal seems deeply unpopular.
but that private-sector safety net of savings is fraying.
it is not a matter of logical impossibility.
but some potential areas of concern are already apparent.
the agreement “parked” the nuclear problem, rather than resolving it.
legal reforms have had little impact.
how many financial regulatory agencies does a country need?
but what, if anything, will trump do next?
they, too, thirst for freedom.
market logic confirms its appeal to restless modernization.
syria is a strategic hinge in the middle east.
why, then, did he not choose to organize transparent elections?
de-baathification also led to the dismantling of the iraqi army.
it all seems very tidy.
have the japanese people opted for it?
can they be changed?
for gül, that moment is now.
collections of direct taxes also suffer.
ridicule can be an effective weapon.
how long will the us adjustment take?
and they are the result of human ingenuity.
west point cadets do not.
the talks with kim jong-il and hers collaborators seemed promising.
public and private contributions are combined in many ways.
trichet already has cleared the way for this to happen.
europe’s powerhouse is awash with money.
washington, dc – concerns about state capture are nothing new.
london – people are outraged – and rightly so.
that is what the ukrainians have done.
they will choose themselves.
individuals still find it worthwhile to drive through the city.
even students studying creative and leisure disciplines must learn differently.
again, differences mattered.
around the world, there has been precious little compensation.
an opinion poll gave the general 75% backing.
so do many ordinary catholics.
globalization had already stalled in recent years.
second, we need to pay special attention to high-burden areas.
in geopolitical terms, many scenarios are possible.
a “just cause” resides in people’s hearts.
all that is needed now is financing.
but this time is different.
without elections, the coalition is in trouble.
kerry embodies rationality and bush morality.
but this is only half the problem.
how have other countries reacted?
there are plenty of world leaders in less-than-perfect health.
i don’t know where he was buried.
should the former ruling party be banned?
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
after hesitating, zardari arrived in london three days later.
most of all, though, we must stop demonizing each other.
after all, price stability is not an end in itself.
everything was used and reused until it fell apart.
clearly, men are a global force.
politicians who promised change, moreover, didn’t deliver what was expected.
first, there is the democratization of information creation and distribution.
each society, each historical period, must decide on the specifics.
is huawei really more dangerous than facebook?
blair is the last interventionist.
on this score, turing's reaction-diffusion model has been greatly disappointing.
the wto struck down u.s.
at ten paces you can’t hear our words.
deterrence, however, carries significant escalation risks.
south africa’s government did much the same in 2014.
the us never occupied afghanistan, but israel occupies palestinian land.
this is not always properly understood.
all of this poses a risk to israel as well.
yet international cooperation has been lacking, especially within south america.
yesterday, there were flurries of snow in istanbul.
with google, people start to expect answers about everything .
to be sure, authoritarianism is not new to the maldives.
the decline of parties reflects the decline of class.
but there is still a long way to go.
and sometimes students who want to leave face barriers.
a legion of islamist thugs is terrorizing syria and iraq.
resource flexibility is lower than in the us.
i am one of the commissioners.
that approach stemmed in part from germany’s political structure.
but the situation is not altogether reassuring.
but the expectations of george w.
bush’s administration were very different from putin’s.
why is america in trouble?
political pluralism cannot be imposed.
today’s upswing is the test.
haider, berlusconi, and orban are prime examples of this.
china is the only exception.
manna from heaven is not about to fall on lebanon.
partnership is essential here.
i hope i am wrong.
how do we get to this standard?
the negotiations were difficult.
he said 100%.
are there really no exceptions to this rule?
the problem does not affect only children.
to be fair, such tidbits can be interesting and useful.
were economists focused on the wrong indicators?
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
this does not bode well for syria.
but the ideas outlined in the paper deserve serious discussion.
most fed critics disagree.
“for a moment, he seemed flustered,” he recalled.
it is not surprising that duterte is encouraging these killings.
but this is not a criminal court.
seeing some poor fisherman casting their lines....
the stakes are high.
new financing could unlock today’s policy inertia over climate change.
one example is nazi germany.
any military confrontation with pakistan will only empower pakistani radicals.
in 2001, george w.
republican candidates, running highly charged anti-obama campaigns, trounced their opponents.
johannesburg – a promise to the poor is particularly sacred.
clearly, that was lacking.
in china's case, that means maintaining adequate liquidity.
washington, dc – who can now sustain rapid economic growth?
that is hardly surprising.
the consequences have not been happy.
finally, there is the need for effective international cooperation.
two central questions raised by young remain topical today.
some camps turned into staging posts for armed factions.
but decisiveness carries a high cost.
instead, regulators should adopt a flexible approach.
the effect of such behaviour is two-fold.
germany is a country with very few strikes.
the same applies to labor-market or enterprise policies.
trump might fade.
indeed, president karzai must be protected by american bodyguards.
the middle east’s democratic f-words
but their enthusiasm has limits.
it is a billion-dollar industry.
anti-immigrant sentiment cuts across the old left-right divide.
mexico now seems poised to join this dubious club.
a faster pace of automation would trigger greater displacement.
what counts as a company’s workforce?
we left the party.
indeed, the liberal democrats are as divided as everyone else.
yet it left me uncomfortable.
but then she may be anyway.
the same logic applies to organized violence.
cambridge – argentina’s latest default poses unsettling questions for policymakers.
nowadays, that means stopping financial markets from behaving badly.
but they won’t, because they compete mostly on price.
yes, chile has a history of inflation.
the political narrative runs in parallel.
under putin, russia has been re-emerging as a geopolitical force.
europe’s problem was an old-fashioned one: too much spending.
future misunderstandings and misgivings are thus inevitable.
needle-sharing spreads hiv/aids and other diseases.
but it will be difficult to grasp fully this opportunity.
what happened to mohamed al-hanashi, and why?
these ideas will horrify dedicated euro-federalists.
but are zhu and li really so much alike?
compatibility of imported rules with existing laws also matters.
but doing so is problematic.
in the us, the reverse is true.
unconventional times require consideration of bold unconventional policy approaches.
and then she falls into near-complete despair: “mr.
but do they have equal claims to being moral emotions?
but a nationalist backlash doomed yeltsin’s efforts.
yes, people do specialize, and they should specialize, too.
accompanied by creeping economic controls, the narrative became more nationalistic.
these technologies currently are too expensive.
most southeast asian countries are busily modernizing their armed forces.
europe can still emerge stronger from its current economic woes.
there have certainly been mistakes in afghanistan.
but regulation can and should be improved.
both sides are right.
low-cost imports, rather than “destroying” americans’ jobs, actually sustain them.
the transatlantic relationship is complicated enough as it is.
bad guys help their friends.
in january 2008, president george w.
science provides powerful tools.
carbon and fluorocarbons affect everyone’s children.
it could not last indefinitely.
is africa next?
scenarios like these may seem far-fetched.
on the contrary, it is the necessary antidote.
the country has fallen far behind in world competitiveness.
the second task remains open.
democracy has undoubtedly achieved success around the world.
we do not consume goods and services in a vacuum.
a similar institutional design could be adopted for prudential policies.
they should be pursued as far as possible.
but this did not happen.
but rivero stayed.
argentina destroyed its natural-gas sector with price controls.
but, overall, just 20% of all migrants do so.
of course, such statistics can be misleading.
population decline will inevitably follow.
but, fortunately, neither seems likely.
last year was a case in point.
reasons for national pride are varied.
why hasn't the imf sternly criticized these deficits?
that is where governments come in.
in the subsequent crash, some bulb prices fell 99%.
eventually, it heightened tensions within the euro zone.
with its passing, people became passive once more.
the sco has established a contact group with afghanistan.
but developing countries face the biggest challenge.
the results revealed that the twins had been incompletely diagnosed.
a special judge then checks the truthfulness of their declarations.
“you know, doc,” a patient told me.
the chinese political elite are skeptical, and not without reason.
how did this happen?
but openness brings risks, many unanticipated and most under-managed.
the country certainly does not lack growth potential.
external support will be vital to enable these efforts.
so far, public reaction has ranged from puzzlement to derision.
there is no constitutional barrier to such an arrangement.
consider the middle east.
moreover, some obviously invalid current categories have not been addressed.
moreover, dna has acquired a certain mystique in popular culture.
nuclear arms are wicked, regardless of who possesses them.
public sentiment towards eu enlargement is negative.
rich societies are little moved by wars or refugee crises.
hers is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
new york – the internet is an extraordinarily powerful tool.
they need only the prospect of more sales.
but protesters in cairo, tunis, and sana want much more.
but geoengineering technologies are unproven, unsafe, and unrealistic.
the industrial revolution was driven by mental activity.
it has also cost a lot of money.
in the latter case, we face an inter-generational clash.
we know how that turned out.
santos” instead of “war vs.
peace,” the no camp could win.
this time, he insisted, he was certain.
the question now deserves a very considered response.
restoring these anchors will take time.
but now we know that the containment regime worked.
but the effects are still being felt today.
so, what do they really tell us?
we want it in our investment decisions.
meeting that challenge will require major, long-term systemic changes.
as it stands, this type of education ecosystem doesn’t exist.
but trump’s move is more than personal payback.
silicon valley, it seems, has more potency than the pentagon.
other intensely collaborative r&d initiatives are also bearing fruit.
this is not as surprising as it might seem.
no civilized country can permit this behavior.
so far, these measures have been effective.
but the bottom line for both countries is energy security.
the us has some 60 treaty allies; china has few.
some are concerned that it will interfere with medical research.
havana’s buildings are stunningly beautiful, but most are crumbling.
china’s gradualist approach may no longer work.
parfit’s real interest is in combating subjectivism and nihilism.
but this explanation is only partly satisfying.
the logic is straightforward.
that would be a bribe.
no romanian government can neglect these standards.
people were being denounced left and right.
otherwise, future annual general meetings will only become tenser.
the current technology theft takes a different form.
different perceptions are natural among different political cultures.
it is high time for a new approach.
that is a warning policymakers should heed.
and the us had little reason to betray that trust.
today’s liberal leaders can prove taylor wrong.
these ideas may go nowhere, at least not right away.
too much is at stake for surrender.
our children are labeled, too.
first, there is still a large stock of lebacs.
president george w.
bush seems hell-bent on repeating nixon's misbegotten policy.
this is where the public comes in.
but the conspiracy theories are off the mark.
curiously, markets have also accepted this flawed reasoning.
they may simply go fetch him.
the other p5 members will ignore it at their peril.
but many are not inclined to see.
as a consumer, i think big-box stores are great.
will it take a regional cataclysm to humble the country?
between 1815 and 1932, some 60 million europeans emigrated.
in theory, this can be done easily.
for much of its history, albania looked hopeless.
there, too, finance will loom large.
jihad or murder?
the house resolution is, once again, little more than posturing.
both announcements were greeted with great acclaim.
we already have a full-blown global recession.
more fundamentally, they reflect the emergence of china.
their crime was to call for a constitutional monarchy.
the parallel with europe's integration is striking.
the dragon could stumble, while the elephant trundles on.
at present, versions of the other options can be seen.
labeling time in this way echoes china’s imperial history.
look at brazil.
a comprehensive response to aids, tb and malaria is needed.
technology investors must also have a seat at the table.
the alternative is to slowly become a poor welfare state.
but she left much unsaid.
the question is whether it has a plausible exit strategy.
so the strategic challenges facing the eu are vast.
parliament evicted lepper from hers deputy speakers's position.
to get more revenue requires casting the net much wider.
that, in turn, would give courage to pro-european conservatives.
serious health inequities persist even in the advanced economies.
once broken, trust cannot be magically restored.
in the end, however, that will not be enough.
india does not need more laws.
the problem is that they have nowhere to turn.
she deserved what was coming to her.
they bar threats against, and harassment of, individuals.
in fact, it has already lost five years.
but the liberals were wrong.
mubarak’s departure is a significant but not decisive development.
the first priority is jobs.
fortunately, it’s not too late.
crimea itself represents a third potential flash point.
yes, the logic of market-based global commerce is very strong.
liberians have made tremendous sacrifices.
are we doomed to fail again?
the poor countries do have a strong case.
he knew that dictatorships lead to moral shabbiness.
the refugee influx clearly influenced the result.
but are such writers making a valid point?
the ecb’s use of omt satisfies both criteria.
denial is not a strategy.
hundreds have been injured in street clashes in cairo.
we assumed it always would.
but royal is confident in him fate.
and what of the booming middle kingdom?
that will be a critical task for america’s next president.
this was iran’s first exposure to americans.
this divergence continues.
institutional reform is still very much in the air.
many other countries are undertaking similar programs.
and they are not getting enough support.
step forward, france, and take a bow.
it also sometimes requires the improvement of lands under production.
convincing fathers to breastfeed should be easier.
the example of kosovo is revealing.
yet more is needed and feasible.
that will be hard to pull off.
there are two problems that cannot be wished away.
understanding the difference is vital.
obvious examples abound.
but those days are over.
this is an appalling and outdated double standard.
the us needed a fundamental reform of its financial system.
is marx still relevant?
this is sensible, but how it is done matters.
i am an author, as well as a reader.
some have even declared that the “india story” is over.
poverty is on the rise.
french prime minister manuel valls recognizes this danger.
inventors and 72,000 to foreign inventors.
yet this, too, may prove insufficient.
behind the nuclear cabinet of dr.
khan
can brown show that she is different?
the dutch were nonetheless disturbed.
what remains is a sense of tremendous opportunity wasted.
but, of course, it was always a charade.
morally, pragmatically, and politically, she was right.
nonetheless, sikorski warns the pis against overplaying trump’s visit.
nonetheless, sad, previously considered rare, came to seem routine.
as a result, many went astray.
but the fed’s dual mandate remains in force.
what are we to make of such claims?
the rate of economic decline has slowed.
as a consequence, many worthwhile projects must be postponed.
other statistics corroborate this dire picture.
hers record speaks to hers financial acumen.
but extreme inequality should still concern us.
neither agenda will be easy to pursue.
each of us senses this challenge almost daily.
yet the numbers confirm the generational divide.
our physical distance only underscores the depth of that commitment.
russia’s involvement in the 2016 us election was a watershed.
why does this matter?
the judge turns towards the prosecutor expectantly.
but if there are no jobs, looking does no good.
in the ongoing showdown over currencies, who will blink first?
indian elites reach the same conclusion for different reasons.
then there is the broader and growing conflict with iran.
some people run simply out of ego or greed.
nationally, including all cities, the fall is over 25%.
but now erdoğan has plausible deniability.
yet such an offset will generally be incomplete.
but i doubt that it has.
the same can be said of nuclear security risks.
but things are even better than those numbers imply.
democracy entails not only majority rule, but also minority rights.
brilliant blunders
as a result, countless people suffered and died.
more than 2,300 minors have been placed in shelters.
economists disagree over how much this increases trade.
the renewables market in east asia is about to blossom.
recent developments confirm williamson’s diagnosis.
but there is still realistic hope.
the opportunities are not limited to the construction industry.
the much-discussed kimberly process is a pilot project.
that distinction was less relevant in the past.
but what will this world look like?
low educational standards do not explain hitler’s rise.
german banks on top
but this is not 2008.
the main greenhouse gas is carbon dioxide.
those whom the gods would destroy, they grant their wishes.
the japanese media's attention to the issue has also grown.
but that label is not quite correct.
it gets worse.
a trip to beijing does little to dispel that impression.
manufacturing has lost 1.8 million jobs.
can a leader lose hers or him charisma?
stores are full of goods.
fraught relations between france and nato are also an issue.
that created the basis for a lasting agreement.
instead, the opposite appears to be happening.
could these tensions finally tear the eu apart?
that public sentiment is affecting business worldwide.
some people abroad now tend to gloat at america's problems.
there was the place de la madeleine, too.
but these are the exceptions, not the rule.
the science is clearer than many politicians would like.
sechin’s closest aide, andrei patrushev, comes from a similar background.
what’s new about today’s low interest rates?
none of this should surprise anyone anymore.
we have seen civil wars.
they require leadership, focus, and education.
likewise, “liberalism leads to excesses: to unemployment, anarchy.
the world is not living under a pax americana.
soon after, usaid funded its own big eradication program.
another well-known example concerns insurance.
second, more (and better) jobs are desperately needed.
the talks with kim jong-il and his collaborators seemed promising.
consider water scarcity.
suppose that 100,000 screenings are conducted.
the world has vladimir putin to thank for that lesson.
they are wrong.
and it is not over.
norway offers the biggest cuts of all.
things could always be set right retrospectively.
but there are historic opportunities ahead.
the us claims are generic.
suddenly, the ecj’s deliberations have become much more important.
most economists agree that navarro’s accusations are largely unfounded.
is it worth it?
- good decisions need time.
back to mexico's future?
on the second board is the discipline china game.
to be fair, world leaders have responded.
others regulate the prices isps charge customers.
crusading journalists disappear without a trace.
berlin – war is ravaging europe’s east.
i was unconvinced.
china seems ready for realistic reforms.
is the quality of human capital responsible?
while we still don’t know enough, two points are certain.
but none of that means that islam is inherently violent.
the results are impressive and constitute a reason for hope.
on the contrary, it implies excess benefits .
indeed, free-trade agreements (ftas) are expanding across the region.
europe, like bp, has its share of problems.
also, he keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
nobel injustice
parts used to be made by automakers themselves.
already, many people are withdrawing.
his pitchwas intriguing.
the us is pushing other countries to follow its lead.
the consequences of an uneducated labor force are alarming.
now, trade deficits are like hot potatoes.
herbivorous fish are key players on coral reefs.
at first glance, there seems to be no problem.
in other words, we will all be worse off.
and they keep rising.
the us has often condemned these actions.
upwards, across the borders of ages.
ukraine clearly remains russia’s top priority.
this unsustainable process came to a crashing halt in 2008.
it may not be true.
but to assess how risky, several factors must be considered.
we are serious about this.
but all is not well in such countries.
new haven – is the united states threatened by nazism?
then again, xi may be contemplating something even worse.
but libra’s benefits appear as slippery as a pisces.
to the traffickers, these men are expendable.
there are alternative strategies.
expressions of this notion appear frequently in popular culture.
ukraine’s fate has become europe’s fate.
their governments saw themselves as qaddafi’s hostages.
it wouldn’t be the first time.
how do i know all this?
is anti-semitism curable?
the truth is far more complex.
how many additional former inmates obtained jobs?
more is at stake than generosity.
but the war against islamist terrorism is far from over.
as a result, radicalization and extremism are on the march.
this is enormously important and healthy.
why do governments erect barriers to international trade?
none of these steps are easy.
what if it weren’t to benefit himself, but his mother?
for weeks, we heard nothing of his fate.
keynesians cannot expect to have it all their way.
and, after hers re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
but the question is how long this support will last.
a foreign takeover would raise french protectionist hackles.
but the short- and long-term implications are quite different.
how will financial firms react?
south africa is barely growing.
japan’s political tremors
but this approach is a blind alley.
the middle class would be eviscerated.
they threatened to crash – until the state stepped in.
but she has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
the other way to preserve solidarity is to redefine identity.
here, cases of collaboration were rather rare and ambiguous.
the same could all too easily happen again.
in hers absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
growth prospects are even worse, as innovation hits gale-force headwinds.
but the middle of the labor market becomes hollowed out.
ultimately, they were overpowered by the saudi military.
far from depreciating, the dollar strengthened.
is the pivot to asia sustainable?
here’s trump’s dilemma.
this was missed by policymakers concerned with macroeconomic outcomes.
but the costs were huge.
· a high degree of strategic adaptability.
this seems naïve, even disingenuous.
bank regulation could encourage lending, instead of restricting it.
she even exaggerates it, if necessary.
and, as trading accelerates, the pressures increase.
you tell her to turn up the water pressure instead.
meanwhile, flaws in china’s growth model are becoming obvious.
as president, however, that same fact is a singular disadvantage.
what europe needs is serious debate, not emotional reactions.
but learning from experience is much trickier than it seems.
it is unsurprising that a deal was reached.
doesn’t investment mean improving people’s lives?
the latter problem is vital.
we have so much in common.
how will the us-china trade war end?
the short-term outlook is uncertain.
yes, china does pile up reserves in dollars.
they are unrealistic and, ultimately, counterproductive.
it is now clear that they were sorely mistaken.
they are ignorant, poor, and sick.
three years ago this month, international terrorism struck europe.
bureaucrats lament ministerial dithering.
will free trade make africans sick?
she sowed conflict.
that is why it should not be excluded a priori.
it’s easy for politicians to be irresponsible about monetary policy.
the short answer is no.
today: simone veil’s europe.
the best, brightest, and least productive?
a new caliphate?
who’s afraid of tapering?
of course, there were no consequences whatsoever for cheney.
monti is urgently calling for help.
this treaty makes them stronger.
it has no economic justification.
his political resources are far greater than yeltsin ever had.
but the automatic stabilizers that normally kick in did not.
the god of suffering?
unsustainable claims should not be made for it.
but it provides no basis for recovery or growth.
step in, signor prodi!
we do not desire artificial recognition or flattering awards.
in all of this, time is of the essence.
it is high time for serious negotiations to begin.
no surprisingly, consumers over-consumed and firms under-invested.
the riots that ensued were predictable – and predicted.
the other key issue, centrifuges, is more problematic.
but they do not want to confront it.
but the stakes are higher now than ever before.
western media judged the election a failure.
such fears are groundless.
sustainable growth requires sustained private-sector demand.
britain: who blinked?
prolonging the current expansion will require great care.
many countries also levy hefty sales taxes.
paris – in democracies, justice is supposed to be independent.
i realize that the people of zimbabwe are impatient.
trade relations provide another all-important lever.
the urgency of the challenge cannot be overstated.
another man says, “i am a filipino.
one hears this everywhere nowadays, but it’s not true.
today, countless goods are just a click away.
that fight will be intense.
by its nature, our proposed strategy is defensive.
but they have trouble abiding by their targets.
port-au-prince collapsed in an earthquake.
these days, however, europeans have little reason to feel smug.
language is not just a means of communication.
the west has utterly failed to rise to this challenge.
i am not talking about the united states’ presidential election.
there would then scarcely be any need for engineering schools.
forests contain huge amounts of carbon.
and not all english is created equal.
some of the biggest breakthroughs may be yet to come.
fortunately, the eu is well positioned to lead the way.
this is the hard lesson traditional parties learned.
entire regions could experience catastrophic declines in food production.
finally, to fund these investments, cities need stable revenue sources.
what would it add?
this week in caracas, the mood was funereal.
and won't find it easy to keep emu reference ratios.
the build-up of the afghan army and police has lagged.
the poppy crop has grown.
chinese policymakers had forgotten about hayek.
the trigger should be the domestic government itself.
princeton – can central banks contain inflation?
in that election, she overcame the traditional right-left divide.
“when the facts change, i change my mind.
criticism of america did not stop there.
rhino horn fetches $45,000 or more.
the island of lesbos was, and remains, its epicenter.
ten years later, where do we stand?
homeowners, backed by rising house prices, are piling up debt.
the rest of the world should hope that they succeed.
but what europe forgets is how those ideologies were overcome.
but how should hers government go about it?
private-sector entrepreneurship plays a vital role.
few decision-makers seem aware of this.
these problems will occur with or without the euro.
ironically, peacekeeping was not specified in the original charter.
but, to you, it’s a fabulous investment opportunity.
as admiral dennis c.
malaysia’s opposition reborn
but we need to act quickly.
coal has everything against it these days.
but what precisely would that model be?
projects supporting inter-korean economic cooperation will also carry considerable costs.
but ukraine’s disunity is obvious.
among the biggest drags on growth today is fiscal austerity.
a case in point has been malaria control.
of course, pure public goods are rare.
a wave of state defaults followed in the late 1830’s.
leftists can be just as blinkered as conservatives.
“rediscovered” is the operative word here.
its export sector is small.
instead, build a demand mountain, and the innovators will come.
bush called “the war on terror” in 2001.
simply put, migration in africa helps destination economies grow.
the same is true for the economy.
this view has some truth.
but mortgage lenders’ criminal activities are another matter.
too many people stay for too long.
but tank it did, taking russia’s economy with it.
muscles need to work (and be stressed) to grow strong.
but they rejected demands for formal acceptance of legal liability.
support for education and research extends beyond universities.
neither of us knows how we survived this ordeal.
this conundrum emerged after the 1995 ejection, spawning political panic.
critics of facebook have been making this point for years.
she has proposed banning all muslims from entering the us.
in 2010, china’s government adjusted its economic policy.
clearly, an ostracized russia is a dangerous russia.
expect no less from bush.
the pursuit of market confidence would be superfluous.
indeed, it is hopeless.
he decided not to run again.
but i said nothing of the sort.
the basic situation has been clear for years.
these inequities cannot easily be explained away.
ready for an oil price bubble, anyone?
the objective is not to revive the soviet union.
one hopes that common sense prevails.
but this has not been the case.
freer trade across borders reduces income disparities.
levey’s secondary sanctions were tremendously successful.
all of this must happen urgently.
populists, in latin america and elsewhere, are always hedgehogs.
bush was a disaster.
those hopes are laced with skepticism.
america’s credentials as a democracy were always slightly blemished.
uganda was the epicenter of the aids epidemic.
but it didn’t.
but all must adhere to established performance standards.
the country’s income distribution has worsened significantly.
this shifting landscape calls for bold action on several fronts.
here kohl's circle could be squared.
but the window of opportunity is closing fast.
the answer lies in the increased competitiveness of chinese producers.
no wonder that the efficacy of these tools has weakened.
why are german banks the only ones backtracking on integration?
new laws ensure the flow of new bribes.
she was just a few feet away from a hysterectomy.
to stifle the independent judiciary and free media.
the differences are highly instructive.
yet that is what reforestation offers.
the us position was a travesty.
can indifference ever be a virtue?
these developments pose new challenges for europe.
they were just different faces of the same rotten system.
but the kurds are hardly alone.
and that goes for war-related civilian deaths as well.
fortunately, this appears to be taking place.
trump, for sure.
indian art, classical music and dance have the same effect.
the stock market has increased twenty-fold.
context has been lost.
in the us, individual autonomy is of paramount importance.
israel’s blockade amounts to collective punishment.
by imposing market discipline, it is, in fact, imposing instability.
the conflict shows no signs of ending.
trump has done all of this and more.
illiteracy levels exceed 40% in several countries.
it challenges the us and others to prove the contrary.
dear mexico: what can i say?
it was the member states that did politics and budgets.
government is not the sole actor in this.
unfortunately, this might be wishful thinking.
unfortunately, kasai’s fears have been vindicated.
even the organizers can have purposes beyond direct profit.
the problem is stigma.
that will now remain the case.
third, world leaders must get serious about inequality.
such arguments completely missed what concerned most voters.
but it would be worth it.
this happened with little central-bank intervention.
the answer ought to have been obvious.
the first winner is democracy.
and in collier’s telling, that single change destroyed the company.
why such origins?
it is time for the world to change its approach.
latin america currently lacks a level playing field for entrepreneurship.
but they are the exceptions that confirm the rule.
this episode offers a few preliminary lessons on debt buybacks.
historically, the biggest threat to the imf has been irrelevance.
so, who could complain?
how countries are governed has a huge impact on happiness.
as anticipated, warmth is climbing up many mountains.
he is free!
london – full english brexit is off the menu.
but they did not.
throughout, congress remained largely impassive.
these restrictions are unconscionable.
funding for social programs in both countries is already stretched.
such proposals have met with strong resistance.
crisis text line is a patrick j.
mcgovern foundation grantee and solver finalist.
the unorthodox techniques, however, are less nimble and more opaque.
but in india’s just-completed election, modi repeated none of this.
within two years, he was dead.
but effective display is costly.
now is the time to do it.
but that process has a long way to go.
new delhi – the indian economy is coming back.
our email activity reveals our social networks.
khan, the mother of the pakistani effort.
millions complied, paralyzing the economy.
the icsid is not an honest broker.
financial markets did well through capital market liberalization.
hundreds of thousands of jobs would be lost.
but it does not spell imminent crisis.
the fundamentals of israel’s situation have not changed.
there are protests on american campuses.
frontloading aid in this way is not new.
but such benefits do not apply to unrestricted migration.
key us congressional leaders should also be involved.
whither tunisia’s “jasmine revolution”?
president george w.
still, if non-polarity is inevitable, its character is not.
punjab also needs better urban infrastructure.
air pollution, the world’s biggest environmental problem, has declined dramatically.
energy is the engine of development, and development sustains life.
in other words, governments adjust their forecasts, not their policies.
europe has disturbed and divided british politics for years.
we see similar findings in other fields.
and she led.
this is why you need insurance.
madrid – the pacific or the middle east?
but what are these lighthouses?
they’re not sure where else to go.
the government was also too slow in depreciating the ruble.
can china’s modus vivendi work?
but gove’s statement was no impromptu outburst.
in doing so, they dramatically increased their financial vulnerability.
such management is possible.
but why do we accept that?
the reformers were silenced in the name of maintaining stability.
the language you identified was knowingly loose, for journalistic purposes.
the stakes are too high.
many european leaders are still smarting and licking their wounds.
you confront and defeat your enemies, or you die.
the shifting economic operating environment bolsters these opportunities.
we do not wage war; we negotiate.
the right-left divide remains deeply felt in france.
just look at where we are.
the explanation is partly political.
economists ended up practicing public administration without license.
i am not convinced that this is a realistic option.
education is a classic example.
death and disappearance are no longer the only options.
meanwhile, the state lurches from fiscal tragedy to fiscal farce.
they also are at odds with improving french competitiveness.
this is a system european citizens will understand.
but here, too, the potential benefits are slim.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
the economic burden that this imposes is massive.
given this, they are largely excluded from textbooks.
the rule should apply both to debtor and creditor countries.
abe changed everything.
brexit-related uncertainties continue to dominate in the united kingdom.
one could emulate j.p.
asia’s contribution to the un, though significant, could be greater.
he faces an uphill battle.
almost nothing worked.
modern associations allow for participation without absorption.
international events highlight these priorities’ relevance.
for now, the verdict of voters is for complacency.
this makes the agreement the costliest in history.
multinationals’ tax-avoidance strategies can also distort cross-border trade statistics.
countering isis online will require a continuously adaptive response.
that reasoning is familiar, but is it correct?
how one can reconcile such contradictions is beyond me.
of course, not everyone benefits from freer trade.
today, history appears to be repeating itself with a vengeance.
free-market liberalism has a bad reputation in france.
i was astonished.
auditing is intended to put limits on potential abuses.
three in five illiterate children in the world are girls.
sometimes the physical damage from such labors is permanent.
an alternative approach is to use a gdp-weighted benchmark.
there was no across-the-board import tariff.
paris – most countries’ flags are multicolor.
the heroine is both noble and self-destructive.
persistence, pragmatism, and some willingness to experiment will help.
but that liberating sentiment has recently undergone an ironic twist.
cubans don't think it is.
what forces are required to meet them?
the implications of this journalistic business model are profound.
plenty of businesses surely would get on board.
looking for them is a waste of resources.
iran is not nazi germany.
independence is thus the eurozone’s key governing principle.
and he is not alone.
the us federal reserve board is, of course, very independent.
this is not the time to renege on those commitments.
so i suggested that he not drive.
but she will not be able wholly to avoid them.
not surprisingly, autocrats everywhere embraced such views.
but they can be overcome.
there are reduced market-making and warehousing activities by broker-dealers.
the two cases are dissimilar.
these differences portend intense conflicts within emu.
erdoğan’s pyrrhic victory?
day-to-day politics cannot dominate the regulation that markets need.
this time our engagement must extend to the entire region.
not one energizing danger lurks in the world.
what has happened to them?
they must do so again.
so they are insisting on subsidiarization.
still, there is reason for hope.
eighteen people were killed, among them five children.
but that is not enough to legitimize the program.
the german debate is still largely a policy debate.
labor reform has long been on france’s agenda.
wallenberg refused to ignore the threat of massacres to come.
the downside of government intervention should be obvious to everyone.
jolie is prominent, but he is hardly alone.
central banks’ forecasting models essentially use the same logic.
such messy policy details have never much bothered free-market economists.
it is not.
moreover, trump is squandering us leverage.
still, no one should be forced to cover herself up.
subsidy reform also offers significant scope for revenue gains.
canada’s hydrogenics is providing the electrolyzer and a fuel cell.
iraq, too, would profit from such a development.
aid donors could also do more.
but wouldn’t we rather do real good?
but imposing a short timeframe requires political will.
but let us suppose that the british bombed buenos aires.
these are the economies that industrialize.
hence, the chinese economy is highly vulnerable to capital flight.
but china’s rise also holds risks for southern africa.
the associated press refuses to comment on him.
and that would be in nobody’s interest.
sometimes the tailored nature of viruses works in our favor.
it was naive to believe that neither would respond.
here are my four favorites.
of course, building a fence is just the beginning.
vietnam still remains outside the wto.
and she makes a strong case.
we might even say that good governance is development itself.
i see four reasons.
change also took place within the farc.
an added systemic threat looms: that posed by poverty.
but such people are frequently underserved by health-care systems.
her treatment should have begun months before.
moreover, japan has reinvented itself twice.
that america may be gone for good.
but 2016 was not all bad news.
the council has now made that plain.
everyone knows what financial debt means: money owed, often borrowed.
sweeping policy, legislative, and regulatory changes will be needed.
the lessons from army purchases can be applied elsewhere.
temporarily, the scaffold conceals the tower’s beauty.
terrorists rule where the afghan state once did.
russia stands to gain a lot from privatization.
but the division is not that sharp.
trump’s tariffs against chinese goods don’t fit this theory.
but they can be overcome.
can they prevent it?
issing’s key post.
there is no easy way out of this quagmire.
the russian economy is at a standstill.
in normal times, central banks want to reduce inflation.
today, the situation has changed in three important respects.
when they try, we tend not to take any notice.
recognizing this, reform leaders urge restraint on their supporters.
the killers have never been apprehended.
none of these statements is new.
for women, the advantage is close to ten points.
nor is it about russia, or even about nato.
reduced military expenditures.
can nato survive defeat in afghanistan?
back in 2002, president george w.
but the public often overreacts to such talk.
that is not likely to happen.
this is good news.
moreover, the debt overhang remains massive.
the united states initially seemed favorable to al jazeera.
islam is a faith.
president george w.
the conventional wisdom is that conflict destroys jobs.
the urgent crowds out the merely important.
the standard economics solution is to compensate the losers.
both were elitist and state-driven.
short-run exchange-rate adjustments simply cannot fix negative long-term trends.
in principle, qe has nothing to do with sovereign solvency.
but it would make no sense to ignore its potential.
but there is another explanation for lula’s tragedy.
if the “technologists” are half-right, gdp will be much higher.
fiscal policy must, therefore, play a central role.
the second option is simply inflation.
the war on drugs is at a similar crossroad.
environmental chemicals and particulates might warrant their own categories.
new york – the digital divide is beginning to close.
the kurds are just as combative.
then, there is the issue of trust.
still, she speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
to be fair, there have been exceptions to this stance.
the people’s climate march was only the beginning.
the case of the palestinian territories, however, is different.
and, again, his cabinet appointments are revealing.
the first challenge is the coming economic downturn.
or is this just another example of incompetence and muddle?
foreigners – including president george w.
at the same time, the turkish government’s rhetoric also changed.
reagan’s successor, president george h.w.
second, it is severely underfunded.
the consequences would be too severe to consider.
indian men have heard it all their lives.
but there lies the snag.
but the tokamak is not the only game in town.
the eu should support this in two ways.
nor should anyone expect a moratorium on settlement expansion.
monetary policy can be a powerful tool.
they did not.
a turning point for iran?
radio and television shook up the newspaper industry.
second, eliminate the redistribution implicit in the system.
xi talked to president barack obama and visited the pentagon.
yahya khan responded by sending in the troops.
students at many universities swear to uphold an honor code.
nor do immigrants merely take jobs; they also create them.
not on your life.
that ought to be a winning combination.
ethical machines would pose no threat to humanity.
and the germans were not much better in southwest africa.
but has it learned anything in recent months?
a half-dozen subway stations attacked with firebombs.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
will it be greek citizens?
clearly, these things can be useful and important.
better rule-making mechanisms are a good place to start.
risk eliminated by regulations in one place reappears somewhere else.
being a hegemon is a thankless task.
to them, the king seems almost anti-dutch.
bubbles do not arise out of thin air.
but few jobs are really protected from technological innovation.
but it contributes little to the task at hand.
after all, the vast majority of migrants leave home reluctantly.
five stand out.
no need to humiliate russia publicly.
coal consumption is likely to peak by 2025.
why is this true?
the release of milosevic?
down in southern europe, things look very different.
applying it would, of course, entail difficult calibration issues.
but this constraint proved futile.
it’s tough to think of a more shortsighted approach.
yet the european parliament is unfazed.
sikorski has had the last laugh.
next comes heroic triumph.
will the west remain western?
this will not matter much for obama’s legacy.
privacy is personal.
death to machines?
it must be given a more positive content.
the maldivian crisis thus is a defining moment for india.
at first sight, that proposition seems reasonable enough.
so the legacy issues are considerable.
is india the next tiger?
humanitarian aid remains essential.
coal saved europe’s forests.
they have set a high bar for any american candidate.
victimhood confers a right to complain, protest, and demand.
it is riven with conflict.
freedom of speech is a fundamental human right.
why, then, did this “greed” manifest itself so manically?
but now america has returned firmly to center stage.
that would be unwise.
but not only sovereign investors are becoming concentrated players.
yet even this modest request was rejected by donor governments.
today, the issue goes far beyond symbolism.
governments must respond in kind.
most likely, shorter-term security assessments are what command hers attention.
such cuts could hardly come at a worse time.
locals here are no strangers to visitors.
remittance income formed a big part of yemen’s budget.
language is likely to be one of them.
snowden, will reverberate politically for some time.
what if communists suddenly appear in government coalitions?
bush has already demonstrated his lack of judgment.
tribes have their dark side, of course.
merkel surely meant what he said in trudering.
the current deflationary phase will not last forever.
but it’s still not nearly good enough.
this is the unmistakable stamp of greatness in a writer.
third, governments must regularly review security systems at nuclear facilities.
it may be too much to ask from one man.
here and elsewhere, ideology causes conceptual confusion.
economic growth averaged 7.2% between 1999 and 2008.
but its shadow hung over me throughout my formative years.
meanwhile, money for treatment is drying up.
this applies across industries, not just in banking.
when putin arrived, we asked her about it.
the bank will no longer be the brexiteers’ friend.
does anything matter?
putin's rule is not only authoritarian; it is dysfunctional.
bond prices then fell further, damaging european banks even more.
so, how do we move forward on trade?
there are other shoes that may yet drop, notably china.
hers promised border wall remains far from built.
is mandeville a genuine prophet for our times?
what is going on here?
a quarter-century later, president george h.w.
don’t be fooled by such feints.
will the dutch enthusiastically finance public infrastructure in greece?
it is time to refocus.
we are not.
the stakes are high and the threat is real.
the implication of this was clear.
that may change after the 2008 american election.
are trump’s policies hurting long-term us growth?
the book influenced many readers to change their lives.
consider, for example, oil, gas, and coal.
german households are saving.
this depression is probably inevitable.
the muslim brotherhood is not such a party.
in any event, the matter cannot rest where it is.
but that excuse has worn thin.
imagine the reaction of trump’s friends in real estate.
what was he to do?
japan must tackle its financial mess once and for all.
each group represents a different generation with different attitudes.
but china is on the right track.
shetty is a healer, first and foremost.
subsidies are often hidden.
the reality is very different.
but debt relief should be viewed as just a start.
this is especially relevant with respect to china.
indeed, hungarian troops have served with distinction in bosnia.
the lesson is that politics and economics are inseparable.
the red shirts are not blind to thaksin’s excessive corruption.
when should china float?
efforts to replenish aquifers could also be pursued.
construction companies cannot pay their workers.
so, is the honeymoon over?
the remaining 90% are potential eid’s.
london – is cannabis harmful to mental health?
what are they, if not slaves?
a cloud hung over hers predecessor.
further, the two countries are actively cooperating.
its effects on risk-taking are debatable.
can the ecb do more?
disaffected voters are behind both changes.
but iter will do nothing of the sort.
china’s soes are at a crossroads.
they can’t all be bunglers.
ministries of health cannot go it alone.
but tycoons are not natural democrats.
governments are, rightly, taking action to prepare for this threat.
it seemed to me a trivial and harmless dictum.
lower-than-expected growth and higher-than-expected inflation have affected most economies.
the great bank robbery
the record, however, is not impressive.
the garbage doesn’t always get picked up.
when i first met chávez, i suggested a similar approach.
between 2003 and 2005, the renminbi appreciated by 20%.
it is important to differentiate blasphemy from hate speech.
some have even mooted suspicions of competitive devaluation.
consider just two.
these invisible wounds of war cut deep, undermining recovery.
the conventional answer is a clear no.
we can see examples of this virtually everywhere we look.
there are three possible explanations.
at the least, prudence should give the reformer pause.
all agreed to establish the education crisis platform.
an epidemic soon took hold of west africa.
paradoxically, however, developments in 2010 offer hope for the future.
yet the us business community remains gung-ho on the reform.
one is financial.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
will today’s reform paralysis outside asia continue?
many will develop expensive health problems in the future.
president barack obama is presumably sympathetic to openness in trade.
that is altogether a new era of human affairs.
overall health statistics are worse than those in comparable countries.
making water conservation pay
the currency is plummeting.
berlusconi misunderstood this lesson.
the same is true for financial systems.
the signs of a change are intriguing.
the rohingya’s unique status is stunning in its calculated cruelty.
and russia is committing new acts of aggression against ukraine.
defiance, indeed, is now the exception rather than the rule.
the same goes for refining.
but any litigation would take time.
these arrangements apply both to parliament and the executive branch.
sadly, this one will be no different.
automation will also affect workers differently across age brackets.
self-improvers are the rarest.
but subsequent generations of economic theorists generally disregarded this breakthrough.
eighth, the international community has an important role to play.
men were leaders on the frontlines of africa’s decolonization struggle.
that fact alone gives rise to considerable concern.
if he’s a reformer, few are convinced.
refugee status is a humanitarian shelter.
the ongoing changes are profound.
they are easily portrayed as quarrelsome, selfish and corrupt.
first, political change is not synchronized.
another key to the netherlands’ success is entrepreneurship.
so, what is the secret of olympic success?
we can congratulate ourselves: better late than never!
“this was premeditated,” she told the associated press.
that assumption has yet to be proved.
national elections are due in april.
can she keep it up?
unification issue is a phoney one.
politics had prevailed over central-bank commitments.
my special adviser, ibrahim gambari, has been back in yangon.
brexit represents precisely this course.
frankfurt: investors and central bankers love the d-mark.
but october 3 is only the beginning.
but one should not read too much into these differences.
in fact, none of them withstands scrutiny.
so it wasn’t.
the answer, to put it bluntly, is no.
that skepticism is justified.
this explains why we don’t farm orchids for food.
turkey has already traveled some distance along this path.
bush’s administration were supposed to deliver, but manifestly did not.
why the double standard?
this is very strong stuff.
the eu’s further federalization enforces its further democratization.
it has failed to modernize and diversify its economy.
nor is it even a fiscal discipline issue.
some may find these changes exciting.
i am not so sure.
the story goes back decades.
even greater workplace disruption lies ahead.
if doha fails, some say, life will go on.
both sides would surely prefer working through the imf.
the un is no exception.
the timing could not have been worse.
statistics show that money matters enormously in american politics.
so why should the eu even bother?
but this is not news anymore in putin’s russia.
but none of this will solve the problem.
but the process that was initiated has since stalled.
the new us administration is supporting strong american action.
monti should not risk european stability for his personal benefit.
again, there were denunciations that focused on timing.
the most catastrophic scenario would undoubtedly be a military conflict.
domestic savings, however, remain a major constraint.
still, trump’s decision not to certify was unwarranted and ill-advised.
sweden
policy paralysis follows.
when muslims find themselves living in democracies, they adjust.
it admonishes us to maintain a healthy, nutritious diet.
the difference is not difficult to discern.
only three have resulted in indictments.
but this narrative is losing credibility.
bernie sanders would prefer to break up the banks.
what would the eu look like as an open society?
rato is a lawyer by training and has an mba.
that is where the public sector comes in.
and he spoke disparagingly of foreign nations, especially great britain.
can outrage turn to catharsis?
but that’s not the point.
the alternatives on offer are internal and external devaluation.
on the contrary, today's commonplaces were yesterday's innovations.
hers real offense was to call for democracy in china.
the case of indonesia deserves special attention.
that alliance reflects fear, not commitment.
eliminate that and the result would be a leaderless mass.
for netanyahu, incitement is a powerful political tool.
this time, she insisted, she was certain.
moscow: russia’s election campaign was a bore.
there are also risks for the us.
what, then, is to be done?
south korea has learned numerous positive lessons from japan.
this issue is of persistent concern for investors worldwide.
like einstein’s thought experiment, many lives depend on it.
so what is the best us and western policy?
the costs of macroeconomic populism are familiar from latin america.
there is no simple return to a pre-crisis normalcy.
what incited such fierce sensitivity about gm foods?
what went wrong?
but their approach is incomplete, at best.
“damaging europe, mario.
there are two ways out of the current morass.
vietnam has significant challenges ahead.
there are similarities between amlo and trump.
and bad politics makes for bad economics.
this framework is incompatible with the “tree of life” representation.
brazil is a large, pluralist, multi-ethnic country.
finally, i’m busy!
none of these policies is without costs.
one could go even further.
it will not achieve this through its appalling gaza policy.
and to the northeast lie armenia and georgia.
unemployment fell to 3.8% without any surge in inflation.
social sustainability is essential for long-term economic success.
and populist policies will ultimately hinder growth.
clearly, the us cannot do much to resolve the conflict.
1.6
in europe, the opposite is true.
this is wrong for two reasons.
could it welcome dialogue and engagement?
most russians look westward.
what it does depend on is political will.
taiwan’s future is also unclear.
but there is a long way to go.
but the spell will eventually be broken.
but how do we measure the gaps in educational quality?
the final issue concerns european solidarity.
these figures describe a troubled world economy.
fortunately, he is smart enough to know this.
clearly, public hearings are an important element of participatory democracy.
europe wishes desperately that it had america’s problems.
we did not expect to witness them in our lifetimes.
these perspectives have long shaped both sides’ politics and economies.
further eurozone integration should be the new parliament’s top priority.
the test for her will be to deliver quickly.
it was a tour de force on its own.
this strategy has already produced results.
when this happens, governments have two options.
that legacy is too important to lose.
oddly, the eu might benefit from a setback.
this raises a fundamental criticism europe’s trade defense mechanisms.
the question is how.
the second force is the soviet bureaucracy.
labour succeeded because tony blair jettisoned labour’s entrenched left-wing dogmas.
the icp’s work is extremely valuable.
god knows, change is still needed on that front.
this is not it.
the coming bear market?
this, too, is true.
will it try to weaken the constraints?
international efforts are now beginning to bear fruit.
unsustainable use of natural resources.
but it wasn’t.
but that is not happening this time.
america should take note.
why a rapprochement with russia, they ask, and why now?
trumponomics has the cause and effect behind this development backwards.
fortunately, that effort failed.
but realizing that value is a long-term proposition.
are their experiences mutually exclusive, or is convergence possible?
but gadgets are mostly blinking bling.
thus the conversation goes.
the government is unlikely to recover its investment anytime soon.
later they bought up gold supplies from abroad.
meldrum was subsequently deported.
he failed, but the idea did not vanish.
based on his record, i am not convinced mr.
singapore’s education system is relentlessly forward-looking.
health must be at the heart of our paris commitments.
this is the problem with any winner-takes-all game.
i agree with rogoff.
presto: a new silicon valley.
none of this happened and romanians feel betrayed.
after president franklin d.
so the trend is worrying.
but his words, however, had lost authority.
“nein” merely brings calamity closer.
there are two key problems with central banks’ current approach.
but is gold a good hedge against these two risks?
a system without elections cannot claim to be a democracy.
jackson famously wrote.
peace this time?
an autopsy showed that she had a bite mark.
arab governments feel provoked by president george w.
a slow-growth china would undermine the global economic recovery.
now, it is the business community’s turn to step up.
but the real explanation no longer matters.
operations there against taliban and al-qaeda forces brought mixed results.
the problem is in the eyes of the beholder.
most rely on government subsidies to this day.
but the facts belie this.
burdensome procedures exclude most competitors.
the answer depends on how much surplus labor is available.
it was not globalization that caused incomes to stagnate.
will nuclear energy be politically acceptable, safe, and low cost?
billions of people in asia have extricated themselves from poverty.
and ukraine’s potential as an agricultural producer is equally impressive.
at the current moment, economic well-being is shrinking.
but she never sought such a role.
unfortunately, there can be no going back in time.
is there any limit to this spending boom?
she could not move freely.
why should it?
assad cannot turn hers back on all of this.
perhaps nowhere is this threat as serious as in russia.
direct communication between universes is, for example, ruled out.
malaysia and singapore would probably also back the us.
but the situation is not irretrievable.
is capitalism doomed?
trump is a showman who has captured the public’s attention.
that criticism contains some truth.
and that is exactly what happened.
nowadays, people move faster than statistical offices can count them.
the international community can play a role in supporting ramaphosa.
this remains the case even after croatia’s accession.
health is neither a gift nor an act of charity.
that may be wishful thinking.
but to indulge this fear is to misjudge amlo fundamentally.
these new signs of economic vigor have strengthened uribe’s popularity.
will they be convinced?
that distinction is equally applicable to the unfolding syrian crisis.
you own your genes.
fourth, many simmering geopolitical risks are coming to a boil.
from pyeongchang to peace?
the spot price has even recently slipped below that level.
for the past ten years, however, world trade has slowed.
the contrast with asia is arresting.
after all, the demand will not disappear on its own.
denver – it’s over.
it probably is.
and yet there are grounds for optimism in east asia.
none of this was shown on television.
and they need it now.
we should actually have known this all along.
these individual developments are troubling.
johnson’s moves have been extraordinary, but not illegal.
but mortgage markets remain underdeveloped in most emerging economies.
capitalism is to blame for the war.
unfortunately, she is not going to win.
they will say that leaving the eu is inevitable.
merah imagined that he was a jihadi.
there are practical reasons for this.
two factors differentiate global climate change from other environmental problems.
of course, tymoshenko is no saint.
towns and villages are swamped by violence and banditry.
my body, my capital?
on the mainland, technological progress continued unimpeded.
these “third way” precepts may seem elementary common sense.
most critical, though, is the condition of local leadership.
the leadership decides.
in russia, power is money and money is power.
isn’t it time that they did?
rescuing automobile producers looks good to their employees and suppliers.
this hypothesis can be tested experimentally.
many european voters also feel threatened and unprotected.
morocco is an ideal setting for regional diplomacy.
either way, they won.
instead, world oil prices have soared to $35 per barrel.
forecasting is always difficult, but especially so in troubled times.
despite his extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
for when you drown puppies, they sink.
there are several morals to the tale.
this is not to be confused with isolationism.
her knowledge was based on finnish foreign office records.
they were wrong.
at that point, the die was cast.
here, polanyi’s paradox gives us cause for hope.
china was similar.
only more politics and diplomacy can salvage us policy.
participation in civic activities is on the rise.
will this fanatical wind blow back to the arab peninsula?
it is too soon, however, to proclaim victory.
but the nations of western europe allocated it.
they never became sufficiently french.
the austerity debate is of more than parochial british interest.
how many lives is that worth?
sarkozy has read the popular mood well.
europe therefore has a choice.
israel is effectively demanding the disappearance of palestinian identity.
we have the great resources of siberia.
potsdam – a silent revolution is under way.
similarly, consider the amazing improvements in education.
officially, renationalization is anathema.
this turn of events is not surprising.
in 2000, one of mrs.
tung's declining popularity.
the principle is the same for developed countries.
for starters, economic sanctions can be increased.
it’s all just data.
economic discrepancies are growing.
today, it accounts for just 4%.
this strategic effect works through industry competition.
unfortunately, the opposite is true.
globalization 1.0 was built around us consumers and chinese producers.
“growth is slowing,” he writes.
in the end, economic strength is relative.
january marked one year since the country’s last reported case.
and it is doing little good.
still, the long-term benefits will be minimal.
asia’s defining moment could be hand.
despite this, constant opposition to the wto is self-defeating.
they were very worried.
in the early 2000s, german soccer was boring.
him missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
iran’s leaders should begin by shunning hostile rhetoric.
at 81, she incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce his dictatorship.
we see the costs in syria.
for russia, closer ties with china are undoubtedly tempting.
women are challenging male power in viral protests.
that is not a huge area.
perhaps this is why they so often end in disappointment.
the recent death of james m.
the inequities are obvious.
shark and ray populations are not alone.
third, disaster-related funding should be tailored for women’s unique circumstances.
it might be an atlantic century after all.
a sensible way forward is needed, and fast.
iran and russia want to retain their crucial ally.
indeed, europe and japan share many of trump’s grievances.
the global economic recovery remains too weak.
there is no deficit.
other pharmaceuticals are following in chloroquine’s wake.
if that was true then, it’s a lot truer now.
on october 22, kennedy announced a naval blockade.
accepting a cuban exception would represent an enormous setback.
along the way, peterborough did indeed show the world.
the dollar’s continued climb will exacerbate these problems.
if a reasoned argument cannot move us, what can?
the decade-long chechen rebellion seemed to have been suppressed.
and they would be right.
european leaders must explain to their voters why nationalism cannot.
could the scandinavian model work for others?
the sooner this happens, the better.
admittedly, sometimes time is a luxury.
will the us capitulate to china?
he recognized that ceausescu was doomed.
but the direction of history is clear.
indeed, the trend is continuing in the opposite direction.
fortunately, efforts are underway to address this.
only later did he come to realize his terrible error.
how, then, should today’s chinese economy be characterized?
but they have spoken, may and the brexiteers insist.
why the hesitation?
here, the discussion is often couched in moral terms.
in 2005 alone, eu imports from pakistan totaled €3.4 billion.
today, when america catches pneumonia, can asia only sneeze?
that makes it an equal and balanced transaction.
but the truth is that its design was fundamentally flawed.
china’s government is production-oriented by nature.
and china has increasingly restricted human rights at home.
bribery and the sale of jobs make matters worse.
but america’s glee is shortsighted.
consider the ebola outbreak in west africa.
his reflections elicited nothing if not mixed reactions.
still, not all drivers support the strikes.
yet, such statements do contain grains of truth.
financial crises are almost comforting by comparison.
yet both countries’ water supplies remain highly polluted.
he is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
second, most board members lack sufficient relevant expertise.
but scaling up these programs will require government resources.
many controversies about social issues are settled by constitutional courts.
even karl marx, i think, would not have disagreed.
yet his reluctance is understandable.
but most do not have access to it.
who will decide venezuela’s election?
so far, the record is mixed.
not many economics books sell more than a million copies.
millions are sick and poor; many live at starvation levels.
the beatles reminded us that money can’t buy us love.
it occupies iraq and afghanistan.
if not matched by resources, mandates are empty.
how many wake-up calls do we need?
it is time to ensure that the right is upheld.
but an electoral victory is just a first step.
in fact, they may have the opposite effect.
the chinese were less ideological.
no, silence is a bad idea.
consumers know if they have been ripped off.
uber is investing in flying car technology.
will there be enough global economic cooperation?
let us make the right choices.
but this is unlikely to happen.
yes, kalanick is out.
when the rich get less rich, the poor get poorer.
-0.9
she was wrong.
so do democratically elected politicians, of course.
there are two related dangers.
the long-dormant chinese consumer is about to be unleashed.
achieving this goal will be no small feat.
there are some exceptions to this pattern.
children like amina have suffered enough.
but instinct is not necessarily a sound basis for decision-making.
this should have eased fears about brazil's future.
but the degree of undervaluation is not the point.
the rallying cry was national competition, not international cooperation.
oil-rich countries tend to save a lot.
what is going on?
it would complete the fire sales within three years.
piecemeal deregulation is doomed to fail.
number nine is polio eradication.
the japanese intervention was immediately controversial.
myanmar is one of the world’s most ethnically diverse countries.
the imf should not be in the ransom business.
the russians complained.
that guarantee is only as credible as the criterion itself.
how can his successors know less than he did?
fourth, governments should promote public-sector innovation.
none of this will be easy.
singh stood hers ground and achieved victory.
this gives rise to a debt-relief laffer curve.
this creates a flexible adjustment mechanism, should unanticipated shocks occur.
do democracies need values?
our proposal was greeted with deafening silence.
that leaves only monetary policy to support economic activity.
second, we do want to trust our governments and institutions.
perhaps that was inevitable.
but now if you’re no.
2, there’s no point.
this strategy has considerable merit.
ireland is a case in point.
transit countries such as hungary try to divert refugees elsewhere.
whereas us president john f.
they undermine users’ decision-making capacity.
currencies were almost completely unmoved by the stock-market commotion.
most of hers associates are in custody.
let us get to work – together.
such talks, to put it mildly, could take time.
should they have to pay unsustainably high interest rates?
this is relatively new.
from 1960 until 1991, us recoveries were typically rapid.
this might be disappointing for russia.
musharraf cannot permit the mullahs to become too strong.
there are two key divisive factors: income and age.
the alternative option can be observed in zimbabwe.
he pays extra for exceeding the weight allowance.
optimists see it differently.
ecb foreign-exchange intervention would fare well in this regard.
something more needs to happen.
this approach, so far, has been lacking in the west.
voters overwhelmingly returned thaksin to office in february 2005.
to defuse an electoral fight with hers rival, schroeder agreed.
but a successful currency union requires more than this.
yet the reagan administration was in denial.
these are steps in the right direction.
governments and insurers have become powerful players.
the ethiopian success story is just the start.
this is not surprising.
but after the upheaval of wwii, everything changed.
the model for charter 08 was czechoslovakia’s charter 77.
even in the poorest countries, there are alternatives.
monarchy can exist with people who are anti-monarchists.
my preferred solution would be accountability.
in these cases, women are often the victims.
structural change can be simultaneously beneficial and disruptive.
all of this tumult is mere prelude.
but serious bilateral problems remain.
but muddling through cannot continue forever.
that translates into 16 million lives saved.
instead, she died, having barely lived, in searing agony.
he was tired but feisty.
it encompasses law, economy, philosophy, and psychology.
the debate about solutions has only just begun.
but it is not enough.
down and out in the united states?
one idea is research into cleaner cooking stoves.
by and large, that prediction has proven to be correct.
these targets may be ambitious, but they are entirely achievable.
think of all those t-bone steaks.
but, despite hers anonymity, hers ideas are resonating through poland.
whether women make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
but us president george w.
paris – forget principles and morality.
the inherent dullness of the imf makes that hard.
it seems like a vicious circle.
reform started later in ukraine for several reasons.
it would guarantee that nobody has to die at sea.
these allegations must therefore be taken seriously.
could the troika have done better?
i think not.
but the complicity of pakistan’s government is equally reprehensible.
moreover, any ecb purchases could continue to be sterilized.
and in this regard, nothing has changed.
"
amal clooney is a world-renowned human-rights lawyer.
tyrants should be tried only after they are clearly defeated.
this is not an either-or matter.
but this would happen only in the long run.
of course, there are obvious governance problems with the eurozone.
the trade deficit.
can china rescue europe?
industries are becoming increasingly complex and global competition is mounting.
providing money when it is needed is essential.
brexit was different.
do you want to be a cyborg?
global warming is real.
take the us.
not even argentina deserves the history peronism bequeathed.
this is a sad counterpoint to american successes at home.
conservative party membership has also become older.
why should governments behave differently?
in reality, however, the situation is more complex.
but that pattern, too, is clearly unsustainable.
structural reform is needed to raise the anemic growth rate.
rather, the people wanted to be heard.
so is zimbabwe's embattled robert mugabe.
let us assume that the real-estate bubble has burst.
can the euro zone survive economic recovery?
the elixir of education?
london – emerging markets are back in the spotlight.
local cooking school students.
but this is the new russian equation.
fingers have been pointed at politicians, banks, and supranational institutions.
if johnson lacks a plan, he is in good company.
i have been a beneficiary of the new openness.
what political solutions are possible?
and then, suddenly, calm prevailed.
one day, i am sure, it will see the light.
but this makes no sense.
setting up such a judiciary is difficult and takes time.
sovereign debt restructuring has a long and often torturous history.
with public support, progress could be much faster.
but netanyahu’s school of thought is radically different.
paris – air pollution takes years off people’s lives.
from central bank to central planning?
as hoover’s ghost might ask, what’s so great about that?
the signing ceremony is therefore a message of hope.
thinley had made two compelling points.
people move about the globe cheaply and with relative ease.
in that vestibule, you feel yourself in no man's land.
that approach would be a mistake.
their military budgets are expanding, and there are regional rivalries.
national security concerns are not foolish.
but is eastern europe an exception?
consider the united states federal reserve’s foray into quantitative easing.
fortunately, we no longer have an international gold standard today.
bin laden wants these people to feel like sinners.
but there is scant evidence to support this view.
she is the woman in charge.
financial markets are flooded with liquidity.
for the sake of all gaza’s children, i hope not.
but a cold peace is preferable to a cold war.
if water shortages persist, migration is certain to follow.
nevertheless, we should remember the lessons of history.
in private, it has begun to do so.
otherwise, enlargement simply will not get past the voters.
is pensioner populism here to stay?
then you enter hitler's residence.
for better and for worse, russia still matters.
london – mais oui!
this clearly raises the stakes.
a genuine recession is very different from an inventory correction.
this can be achieved.
so what explains putin’s enduring popularity?
for a while they succeeded.
palestinians seem to recognize these benefits.
some important economies are still fighting deflation.
yet these changes will only occur gradually.
within a year, everything looked different, especially in germany.
that just strikes me as a protection racket.
how many temporary or permanent opt-outs can there be?
countries’ policy responses have ranged from modest to immense.
there is currently insufficient data to predict either outcome confidently.
in such conditions, free and fair elections will be impossible.
this debate between “realists” and “idealists” is intense and long-standing.
most europeans see in america a strong friend.
but perfect markets are no more available than perfect governments.
there are many political, socioeconomic and environmental factors.
until recently, only dyed-in-the-wool bolsheviks still found that definition relevant.
are they really wrong?
she faces an uphill battle.
if the will is sufficient, that is.
britain’s national debt currently stands at 84% of gdp.
as a result, europe cannot develop a common foreign policy.
financial pressure on italy is now mounting.
nor are these problems limited to small businesses.
the results were inspiring.
understandably, chinese officials worry about bubble trouble.
she remembers everything and regrets nothing.
but the american republic has one merit that monarchies lack.
this is not acceptable.
insufficient spending was never an issue.
unfortunately, the coalition is currently divided over infrastructure spending.
and none can be resolved without comprehensive diplomatic strategies.
perhaps she did us a favor.
start with the islamists.
and the answer is far from clear.
public infrastructure is particularly important.
irony abounds here.
another quality he shared with socrates.
but that does not make them any less dangerous.
london – carmakers are afraid of apple.
it is time for that to change.
i believe that they will continue to advance toward democracy.
the us has an extra responsibility to help.
what is this theory anyway?
but that can happen only with both sides bridging divides.
obama rejected hers predecessor george w.
moreover, it is relatively easy to postpone lowering oil consumption.
they are wrong.
the disastrous failure of the left has many causes.
this is a huge diplomatic success.
will economic illiteracy trigger a trade war?
slowly but surely, the government is reclaiming rebel-held territory.
the consequences for the euro would be grave.
after all, the euro can now be bought cheap.
but the centrist-reformist axis swung into action with pinpoint timing.
if this assault succeeds, counter-cyclical monetary policy would be impaired.
stopping financial bubbles is difficult.
it is time to act.
and it would be much more effective.
france joined the effort more recently, as has russia.
that led to an outcry.
these efforts have failed miserably.
army-led and militia-implemented mass murders soon followed.
other nations should follow suit.
the benefit will be vanishingly small.
but then america’s economic fortunes started to dip.
this is especially true for the middle east.
in 2016, multidrug-resistant tb killed 240,000 people.
the revolt against large pay packages won’t go away.
this challenge is not confined to africa.
scientists emphasize the difference between climate and weather.
recently the debate has shifted to carbon emissions.
the indian economy has been doing the same since 1991.
but now the tide has turned.
by 2050, the economic shortfall will reach 3%.
the chances of resolving such disputes appear slim.
the modern challenge, then, is to achieve greater democratic inclusiveness.
but why is that?
but that is for later.
a game changer for syria?
but more than money is needed.
every country followed much the same strategy (including malaysia, dr.
mahatir’s rhetoric notwithstanding).
in india's punjab there was a plant producing bicycles.
the world should respond in three ways.
the eu is not a military alliance.
boyce has proposed.
in today’s world, the strong only respect the strong.
hers anti-multilateral instincts can be overstated.
while economic stagnation demands fiscal expansion, governments must spend wisely.
yet these tools are relentlessly misrepresented to the public.
as a result, 154 of 300 seats were uncontested.
but should they?
trump’s victory also undermines europe’s security.
but there are ways to waste less.
she was hailed as a world-class reformer.
and there is more bad economic news.
“it is a kind of information laundering,” jonsson says.
so did martin luther king jr.
consider poland again.
they are an artifact of modern indifference.
tailspin or turbulence?
the james w.
there are a hundred top drug ladies in afghanistan.
yet the real storm is yet to come.
sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof.
kennedy was a hardened cold warrior.
children are fatter than their parents.
yes and no.
others just seemed confused.
ferguson, too, quickly apologized.
its internal governance processes are underdeveloped and lack transparency.
some states (iceland and hungary) are clearly bankrupt.
in egypt, matters are more complicated.
that is soft power.
but this view misses the point.
the us has embraced flexibility and competition with a vengeance.
how was she was able to obtain a residency permit?
but such support has not always been economically efficient.
francophone africa has been paying for independence ever since.
on the other hand, french society has proved resilient.
but more is needed.
he particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
here are some harder facts.
meanwhile, emerging economies have continued to perform well.
but these powers are also readily abused.
this situation suggests a phased approach.
the aiib is a welcome initiative.
in fairness, this dark prognosis was not universally embraced.
should the public's appropriate reaction be guilt or shame?
many companies and households would go bankrupt.
all of these are self-organizing systems.
but that netherworld’s growing nuclear arsenal is no laughing matter.
only a concert of democracies can block this strategy.
“why does this movie get held to different standards?
hypocrisy, of course, is not confined to the west.
the basic ingredient is opportunity.
this adds to their complexity and cost, and compounds inefficiency.
indeed, it would.
international tensions have been rising since trump took office.
shang need not worry too much about pursuing unpopular policies.
none of these claims stand up to scrutiny.
indeed, regional free-trade agreements are gaining momentum worldwide.
she never did.
thus, the political effect of intellectuals is rarely immediate.
we need a better answer this time.
in both cases, there are more questions than answers.
the speed of vladimir putin's seemingly irresistible rise astounds everyone.
in spain, housing and employment collapses have hammered revenue.
venezuela’s national catastrophe should serve as a warning to everyone.
a better explanation for the crisis is that investors panicked.
the correct answer is 1%.
macron will also benefit from external factors.
spooked by glass-steagall’s ghost?
taste is not the answer.
it began so innocently.
globalization is another.
six cases mark the most egregious cheating.
the political and social dynamics are also working toward disintegration.
would russia, saudi arabia, and others play trump’s game?
the end of sri lankan democracy?
even with peace, major problems were left unresolved.
transforming a system requires action in all three areas.
the war in gaza will harden this negative trend.
in short, forget about taxing either nexus or luke.
the only alternative, then, is europe.
the financial markets are taking abe’s strategy seriously.
both are frequent occurrences in indian political life.
more light needs to be shed on this problem.
the same is true throughout eastern europe.
politicians warn of the challenge posed by asia's "tiger economies".
africa is paying a particularly heavy price.
consider the case of tanzania.
when asia grows, the west does not become poorer.
but could most people have?
it’s more constructive to focus on what works.
on the contrary, previous agreements should remain on the table.
it actually takes these concerns seriously.
but iraq’s greatest challenges lie ahead.
that may take some time.
what used to be professions have turned into businesses.
of course, technological choices entail more than economic criteria.
americans eventually elected a president, george w.
seoul – south korea’s recent economic performance has been disappointing.
in afghanistan news travels quickly by word of mouth.
but germany is not innocent of responsibility for this crisis.
we cannot let nationalists without solutions exploit the people’s anger.
human life expectancy barely changed before the late eighteenth century.
because they avoid over-simplification, foxes make fewer mistakes.
one path for the us is global cooperation.
he eventually got it.
what’s inside is a secret.
manila – imagine that you are a farmer.
normalization is not an option.
she remained skeptical about notions of irreversible progress.
it is, instead, an argument to offer a helping hand.
nine of them are still in play today.
the president himself seems not very interested in economics.
and that is precisely what we did.
this is not entirely fair.
we must be ready.
bygones are bygones.
but they haven’t shown much resolve since.
obama’s progressive agenda meshed perfectly with that of liberal jews.
the fifth source of optimism is slightly paradoxical.
i would suggest four critical steps.
corporate officers respond to incentives and opportunities.
the answer need not be all despair.
and many more men are clamoring to participate.
the other source emerges from the human-rights community.
so should we worry that trade is growing more slowly?
aggrieved sunnis, however, want socio-economic changes, such as affordable housing.
the enlightenment, after all, was born in france.
johnson has chosen a government of like-minded anti-european nationalists.
but our regulators and politicians also suffered from intellectual capture.
so far, so good.
some government programs are shrinking from lack of demand.
but, of course, they do apply.
the evidence is clear.
so how should we square the policy circle?
in china, for example, inflation is approaching 8% or more.
their share of the vote in subsequent elections declined sharply.
today, china faces a similar decision.
and those investigations need all the help they can get.
a revived permissive society is not the answer.
the sdgs are noble and certainly ambitious.
calls for immediate debt restructuring went unheeded.
one can draw two possible conclusions from america’s election.
once that trust breaks, bad things happen.
this kind of inequality is not necessarily a bad thing.
delaying the israeli-palestinian peace process would be a costly blunder.
orbán’s mafia state will be very hard to dismantle.
any service-intensive industry faces the same challenges.
by late 1995, inflation was gone, but exporters were squeezed.
pressure will grow for her to step aside.
adequate financing is critical.
personally, i rejoice in this.
its absence as a buyer contributed to the euro’s decline.
current developments around the world are proving her right.
this has apparently consumed virtually all of their attention.
-3.7
this response is more than a little inappropriate.
but so low are american expectations that they scarcely care.
in california, climate change, housing, and transportation are inextricably linked.
and the protests are continuing.
this is not rocket science.
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
still, asia’s crisis poses challenges to china.
no country can defeat terrorism on its own.
he didn’t get it.
in such an environment, can public ethics be revived?
it is a created target.
this argument has a long history.
unstable coalition governments have been typical of italy's postwar politics.
she has unequivocally endorsed the quartet’s road map.
this is the forward-looking version of the global imbalance issue.
that member could only be britain.
and here is where gandhi comes in.
john stewart mill vs.
its own safety depends on it.
such efforts should not be constrained by national borders.
i doubt if this time is any different.
is european integration animated by respect for another’s values?
gül will be an engaged president.
efforts like these may not make headlines.
by definition, this target would be country-specific.
the answer seems obvious.
this argument has no basis in fact.
but he is best known as its champion.
from the cultural point of view, we won.
however, this condition may not last.
any economics textbook would recommend exactly this outcome.
a new start is urgently needed.
back then, he did not need one to be appointed.
it was one of the richest countries in the world.
kennedy once said that a rising tide lifts all boats.
a turkish bank saw a romanian subsidiary go bankrupt.
china, for its part, has proposed a two-prong approach.
independent voters – and many republicans – bolted.
similarly, eliminating glass-steagall was fundamentally sensible.
expanding the eu is no small task.
fortunately, progress is being made here, too.
young religious men are turning up at urban universities.
first, stakeholders must change how they evaluate progress.
sure, there are excuses – there always are.
this is “placebo politics” at its worst.
its entrenched political and economic networks are deeply corrupt.
conceivably, policymakers could raise taxes to offset such declines.
but the progress achieved so far is again under threat.
afghanistan’s problem is not primarily military.
their failure would have dire consequences for the entire region.
the experience of filling these vehicles’ tanks is curious.
but this was not adopted.
but that’s not the whole story.
hosting large numbers of refugees is a challenge.
the coming year will be particularly important for europe.
the final issue may be the thorniest: immigration and welfare.
a crisis in argentina could also have global consequences.
but hand-wringing will not resolve the european union’s political crisis.
“in libya, we are muslims.
and venezuela’s president nicolás maduro remains in power.
what is to be done?
we experts should have to explain ourselves.
financial history can help to answer these questions.
the imf offers that venue.
but those days are over.
these changes happened recently – and fast.
asian countries need to clarify the region’s increasingly murky hydropolitics.
he had no choice.
journalists and editors were, in effect, government officials.
lost limbs are a huge problem in india.
beyond latin america, several eastern european countries offer ready examples.
on the consumer side, this is quite understandable.
the new orientation is irrevocable.
economies had always recovered from downturns.
instead, she says, “the evidence does support dr.
just not yet.
more inter-governmental cooperation simply won’t do.
germany has subsidized solar panels, as some hope obama might.
him treatment should have begun months before.
even the then popular leader had to shelve it.
as a result, our financial markets became a pyramid scheme.
iraq was george bush’s gift to osama bin laden.
everything about the so-called “iter reactor” is big.
today, that call to arms seems more apt than ever.
exhibit a is the two sides’ positions on tax policy.
inflation has certainly been very low.
are these errors large enough to be worrisome?
paternal mortality rates remain dismal in several countries.
lessons would be learned.
they are called schools.
of course, confrontation with america must be avoided.
so far, that calculation seems to have been correct.
michnik, like havel, radiated the joy of fearless truth.
the reason is simple.
can terrorists be soldiers or state agents?
egypt hovers on the brink.
with secure ports becoming scarce, investors will become increasingly jittery.
credit default swaps (cds) are particularly suspicious instruments.
the predictable suspect is former colombian president álvaro uribe.
in retrospect, brown’s agenda-setting problem was easy.
inevitably, living standards have collapsed as well.
should europe be fracking?
“our sovereignty is nonnegotiable,” the government spokeswoman declared.
firms are ready to invest again.
instead, the eu emphasized the technical criteria of membership.
natural gas can.
peasants in warangal used to grow millets, pulses, and oilseeds.
in this sense, china’s government is facing an important test.
japan has a full-blown case of "keynesian" disease.
within europe, there are three major challenges.
can macron pull it off?
the crime problem is even worse.
hers counterparts in europe and japan should follow suit.
teamed with that racial rage are religious and/or ideological fanaticisms.
this dissension may well be compounded by two additional factors.
in such dramatic situations, us power is at its greatest.
what's good for putin may not be good for russia.
but some practices can be modified for use elsewhere.
this will be infuriating and unfair.
these are europe’s roots.
by now, the pattern is all too familiar.
he kidnapped 500 troops from the regional peacekeeping force, ecowas.
they still are.
is europe america’s friend or foe?
“my driver is an unemployed ph.d.
graduate,” she said to lucas.
the reasons for this are not well understood.
hustlers thrive, the weak watch passively.
today, 185 nations are signatories to the treaty.
nobody likes to be found wrong.
don’t take my word for it.
cambridge: without warning, turkey dove into financial crisis.
that will not be easy.
but it has interrupted the momentum toward military intervention.
independent supervision of the referendum must be agreed upon soon.
we cannot sir this critical opportunity.
london – remember the g-2?
there is good reason for the spike in interest.
competition, conflict, and nationalism are defining features of today’s world.
i just worry about the boredom factor.
some of the stockpiles are in fiercely contested areas.
they were german camps in occupied poland.
most gonorrhea infections are untreatable.
hers arguments sound reasonable.
does it simply have to be fact-based?
the law was never cheney’s strong point.
maybe we should try to alter this scenario.
it may come to that.
on the whole, liberty has triumphed.
the future of northern ireland remains in question as well.
in other words, economies today lack the spirit of innovation.
trade and cultural exchanges flourished.
who, after all, can say whether ukraine’s debt is sustainable?
but, while certainly discomfiting, they are hardly irrelevant.
“commerce produces wealth, but agriculture ensures freedom.
business activity, including agricultural production, has been disrupted.
such successive downward forecast revisions have become commonplace.
and that is over the course of a century.
rudi was born and grew up in krefeld, germany.
but we aren’t willing to do that.
the situation in yemen is similarly grim.
no one, of course, wants to face empty shelves.
this is the only place i have ever called home.
such training may lead to kinder behavior.
the task is to push sustainable growth much higher.
it is a quiet, painstaking slog behind the scenes.
but that need not be the case.
a viable future means security as well as bread.
then there is turkey.
he never did.
the current situation is not very encouraging.
here are the six components of a comprehensive plan.
this is true of the nations of europe.
the rest are shia.
but these workers usually choose to remain in rich economies.
britain has always had a fractious relationship with the eu.
fast or slow?
does alice want juan’s attention?
shifting geopolitical power also breeds uncertainty.
will the kerch blockade make putin great again?
if anything, may could fall victim to him own opportunism.
in politics, there is no shame in compromise.
indeed, oil prices have been falling, not rising.
and medvedev is a key agent in its execution.
indeed, wholesale inflation now stands at more than 9%.
countries that relied on imf advice fared far less well.
yet china’s debt keeps on rising.
kaczyński’s illiberalism is of the soul.
hers approach won her the presidency.
nicholas, who preached in the fourth century.
sustained lower prices may bring chickens home to roost.
what will interest rates be?
but that has not stopped these institutions from trying.
today's russia is no longer a two-tier society.
if it is not, the pharmaceutical company refunds the cost.
by 1900, japan had far exceeded the meiji leaders’ expectations.
herein lies a real ideological problem.
for several reasons, it should buy us treasury securities.
this is a textbook market failure.
once in power, erbakan tempered hers tone and actions.
several well-known professors, both hindu and muslim, were murdered.
this means that the issue of medium-term sustainability remains unresolved.
so uribe could not defend the new military agreement.
president george h.w.
such cooperation is not unprecedented in china.
within many states, “power” isn’t politically correct.
or emmanuel macron?
but the world is worrying again about argentina.
america’s second sputnik moment?
every communique from brussels says that "the door is open".
the younger the girl, the higher the price.
it is a tough sell, but also a vital one.
if anything, he understates the problem.
there is a single universally valid model.
and its positive impact on the climate is negligible.
the answer, i think, is no.
this trend is fueled by inadequate economic opportunities at home.
in 1977, there was no president donald trump.
so what are the europeans waiting for?
while president george w.
what happened in agriculture was even worse.
in recent history, the us-iran relationship has been particularly fraught.
in this, kohls government was no different than schröders.
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
europe’s crisis comes at a difficult moment globally.
i felt, yes, in certain ways, free.
the answer is no.
a wall must be built against mexico.
“have no fear.
historical forces are complex; they defy any simple economic theory.
some are poorly secured.
the trend for household consumption is less clear.
the respected h.r.
given china’s global influence, this is good news for everyone.
unfortunately, no one paid much attention to his idea.
what happens next?
senegal is mounting its own anti-corruption campaign.
why, i’d go train to be a cosmonaut, of course!
and why wait to find out i may get alzheimer’s?
but how disturbing?
rather, it is a measured transition toward political pragmatism.
one hopes that it starts off on the right foot.
he has proposed banning all muslims from entering the us.
but the agreement has three major flaws.
but she wondered how much longer that would last.
this, sadly, is the story of the 1930s as well.
that is why europe’s leaders have no time to waste.
this is part of a broader pattern across emerging markets.
the sec and other regulators could go even further.
the first step is to ramp up data-collection efforts.
this will require cautious but continuous policy action.
but the us refused to ratify the kyoto protocol.
are they right?
the reason is simple.
here were our children, taking to the streets.
note the sense of entitlement underlying each of these reactions.
so, why not reverse the order?
the strategy is simple and ruthless.
what’s missing in the debate is the latin american context.
but the un route can and must be tried again.
this would be a logical position.
reparations would help as well.
africa can feed itself.
policymakers must enforce criminal sanctions against these practices.
business itself wasn’t on the ballot.
for the 12 months ending in july, the st.
louis fed reports that bank reserves rose 31%.
many of my fellow cultural historians disagree.
such behavior by the fed is not new.
what happened to the seed?
in the agreement hammered out by mr.
deng and mrs.
state visits in the other direction have been more uneven.
yet control is not creation.
more needs to be done to accelerate the post-nuclear transition.
like most of us, they care about procedural fairness.
four police officers are on trial for hers killing.
that is what makes it so ominous for europe.
you can see their presence even in everyday life.
the evidence of such collusion is mounting.
one well-respected publication even called mr.
other films cast excess as nauseating.
the problem is that no law of nature guarantees this.
the first is women’s participation in higher-quality jobs.
interest rates have been ultra-low for a long time.
but abe was not deterred.
is colombia becoming another vietnam?
but this need not happen.
who beats corruption?
paradoxically, if all people were honest, politics would become redundant.
the dispute was hushed up, but the resentment lingered.
nor will the left’s cultural agenda.
federalism neglects the foundations of political legitimacy in the nation-state.
if so, where is the plan?
managed transitions produce more stable democracies.
as for financial inclusion, digital finance has two positive effects.
thus, salvation is sought in the nation-state.
the enlightenment philosophers voltaire and kant did just that.
this makes spahn’s ambitious intervention especially noteworthy.
some were unable; others were unwilling.
there are three parts to this transition.
the logic is debatable.
why not contribute $1 billion each over the next decade?
it was suggested that a new chechen capital be built.
but events, both internal and external, have overtaken the process.
this is the science of nutrigenomics.
dynamic intraregional networks are also driving progress.
trump is not a murderous tyrant.
yet this is not the approach that is being followed.
the situation is more promising in asia.
they may have no idea how right they are.
the malleable mr.
once secure in his victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
of course, this cannot always be decisive.
one threat to our preparedness is our connectedness.
the world should not accept the status quo.
instead, it has a legal standard.
this is a critical fact to remember.
but success brings new challenges.
nor do existing international lending institutions.
on 16 october, 1962 president john f.
kennedy called together his closest advisors in the white house.
some of that money will be paid out in dividends.
in fact, trump admits that.
does inequality kill?
corruption is deemed nearly non-existent in these countries.
corruption blights reform throughout the ex-communist world.
they appreciate that there is stability and security in numbers.
therein lies a profound contradiction.
but little headway has been made since.
to this end, three key steps are needed.
that might sound reasonable.
how will she mark it?
admittedly, the bar is low when making this comparison.
but it hardly matters.
but this raises the same concern as in phase one.
but these efforts ultimately went nowhere.
this makes an increase in immigration unavoidable.
america needs another sputnik initiative.
a year of us-china discord?
clearly, these promises were not kept.
communist and capitalist regimes had to live side by side.
this threat must be faced.
europe twice endured unrestrained wars.
for most regions, weather changes will increase agricultural productivity.
walking away from unclos would also be wrongheaded.
this view crumbled with the fall of the berlin wall.
and that is a good thing.
history offers little consolation.
one might quibble with this description.
but more must be done.
as michael d.
this does not bode well for the sustainable development goals.
muammar el-qaddafi’s regime is starting to come to light.
but we already have a basis for discussion.
but the us has its own problems.
i thought she was right.
mccain has given no details of hers plans.
what is already known about hirohito is sketchy.
historians have started to project globalization backwards.
this may sound tangential to poverty reduction, but it’s not.
not surprisingly perhaps, these are among the company’s fastest-growing brands.
identifying such investment is where today’s debt debate should be.
kouchner was consistent throughout hers career.
the mosque and its enemies
is inflation returning?
europe’s dutch turning point?
multiple problems affect employment.
in the current crisis, three moral-hazard effects are particularly important.
but what has china really worried are the worst-case scenarios.
what awaits her and the uk is more punishment.
i was also once the victim of diesel-fueled rage.
it is then a question of which effect is faster.
the economic consequences of mrs.
so what exactly is west?
america simply could not adhere to its own democracy-promotion script.
the french are not morally shocked by such revelations.
the importance of the european council president is often overlooked.
now she has to figure out how one governs it.
for russia, august 1998 marked that dividing line.
but will the patriarch seize the moment?
they soon discovered that j.p.
president george w.
worse, might russia turn this weapon on an energy-addicted eu?
that war must be won.
so hers apparent pragmatism should come as no surprise.
the spokeswoman for the international relations committee of the u.s.
is it 1956 for the left?
this may not seem like much of a concession.
but opportunity is just that.
here, south korea can propose an obvious solution.
but why stop at governors or presidential advisers?
in other dimensions, the record is mixed.
university students in the early twentieth century inherited this legacy.
this could be a great boon to the us economy.
all of these steps reduced pollution markedly.
europe also was supposedly vying for global economic dominance.
other cases are less dramatic but no less important.
we rely heavily on incentives .
but recent history suggests vulnerability, not stability.
and it behooves scientists to understand why.
all in the name of god.
and there are stories about politics and bizarre conspiracies.
agreement on a plan won’t come easily.
the need for offsetting macro-prudential tools is clear.
fearing a weaker peso, spooked investors demand dollars.
this view appears reasonable at first.
youth unemployment is at 50%.
cypriot banks passed stress tests in july 2011.
putin’s position on global warming would be less ambivalent.
and the problem isn’t limited to australia.
given this, the two groups advocate very different policies.
and yet coal power is still going strong globally.
if they do not, unrest will become more likely.
but, as in wartime, one hopes these effects are temporary.
polish catholicism has confounded skeptics and critics before.
we need to change the un’s culture.
the first dilemma concerns china.
he regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
she was beaten to death while in custody.
but customers are generally stuck with one-size-fits-all service.
this sequence of study was devised in 1893.
it was also blamed for causing hepatitis in humans.
that would be the most just outcome.
that may be about to change.
yet emissions are not just rising, but accelerating.
my northwestern university colleague robert j.
and there is another benefit in this regard.
it is psychological.
adverse trade developments are a negative supply shock.
but the call right now is not a close one.
liberal forces, however, pushed for a different solution.
but abe has two more arrows in his policy quiver.
both terms relate to the weather.
at this stage, china’s ascent cannot be prevented.
the real-estate boom appears to be cooling.
but his response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
beauty is resistant to the hubbub of the absurd.
and the problem appears to be systemic.
this time, there were two sources.
the probable answer is: both.
but annual tfp growth is not the only relevant figure.
the us representatives were perplexed; the europeans were shocked.
and why have lenders suddenly found these countries desirable?
unnerved by the experience, the authorities hastily abandoned the reform.
and, in fact, it enacted some sensible policies and reforms.
last year’s general election brought regime change to japan.
but it soon became an international affair.
these countries may eventually decide to leave.
this is not impossible.
the bloodiest century in european history started in august 1914.
what about bill clinton?
globalization may also facilitate legal tax avoidance.
they held no illusions that their country was a democracy.
but current cop negotiations make a mockery of most legislatures.
future pensions represent another form of debt.
had wiesel been deceived or co-opted?
standard medical investigations of the causes of death are rare.
the very survival of western civilization is at stake.
she is frank, forceful, warm, and engaging.
this strengthens purchasing power and ultimately private consumption.
of course, no one wants a new european war.
or does it?
if one region’s economy falters, all countries feel the effects.
having good international credentials is not always an advantage.
to take drugs will usually be self-defeating.
nevertheless, this social inertia is doomed to shatter.
we must all become freedom fighters.
the ecb was more cautious.
he laid the groundwork for the world wide web.
democracy had prevailed.
governments with meager tax revenues can't provide basic public goods.
technologies now in development could even eliminate auto-related fatalities altogether.
the fourth factor is, of course, german business interests.
it is simply a question of priorities.
the paris terrorists pointed to france’s operations in syria.
but what if you naturally dealt with symmetries of three?
but isis’s battlespace is digital as much as physical.
minimum wages could be raised to reduce inequality.
the question is how.
two usual explanations exist for japan’s poor economic performance.
greenspan mounts a similar defense concerning the housing bubble.
in fact, there are major downsides to helicopter money.
exuberant financial markets could hardly ask for more.
other international linkages are also receiving greater attention.
europeanization stimulates nationalisms.
provincial finances will finally have to be cleaned up.
fifth, strengthen and build african centers of excellence .
following this visit, my message to european leaders is twofold.
but many campaigners have claimed other effects.
second, countries should support iraq’s government, despite its shortcomings.
the threat today is not inflation, but unemployment.
but north korea has held fast to its isolation.
google’s design was based on statistical algorithms.
third, we must do more to eliminate poor-quality antimalarial medicines.
that’s a lot more than 150.
there is no market discipline.
countries could practice generosity on the never never.
a third option is a one-time devaluation of, say, 25%.
saudi arabia fits this description to a tee.
but we have reached a critical impasse.
time and again, they simply demanded capitulation.
the european house creaked mightily.
europe’s choice is not between austerity and economic growth.
girls marry and begin to have children very young.
berlin -- nato needs a new strategy.
russia has no such inhibitions.
she had written that those killed deserved their fate.
why pakistan, and why now?
a third narrative is based on competing economic theories.
hfo is also a significant source of air pollution.
or will she be too ill to participate?
fortunately, a better narrative is possible.
but recent research suggests that we can use some help.
second, wealth transfers to peripheral countries, while controversial, are necessary.
mixed results followed.
yet they cannot and should not do it alone.
in kampala, dr.
mugyenyi has begun placing new patients on a waiting list.
why look for an explanation otherwise?
his presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion.
some have said that the uprising in burma is over.
in 2002, it unilaterally abrogated the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty.
many injustices, of course, are both economic and identitarian.
that is a start.
there is no one-size-fits-all formula for succeeding in emerging markets.
but what can our heroine do at this hour?
to an extent, these criticisms are justified.
there is one example of a successful post-crisis employment policy.
child mortality and extreme poverty have been halved.
symbolic political acts resemble theatre.
tillerson may be trying to do just that.
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
moreover, errors are even harder to correct.
then there is the energy issue.
the vulture funds have raised greed to a new level.
if they work together, drift need not happen.
but change needs to start at home.
this reinforces her need to maintain distance from musharraf.
president george w.
but others will undoubtedly arise.
it is that simple.
with deep repentance for the war, japan made that pledge.
they are not mere vehicles for financial speculation.
educational materials often don’t help, either.
america’s consensus-oriented president needs to make that case.
is democracy possible in the arab world?
european police and security agencies have prevented many terrorist attacks.
are we utopian?
the result is that export support is often wasted.
or consider possible outcomes to this terrible tale.
yet it needs to do more.
none of this would be good for us allies.
understanding thought implies understanding the entire cognitive spectrum.
russia is blamed for denial-of-service attacks on estonia and georgia.
protectionism threatens open markets and gdp growth.
technology can help.
that is a tragedy.
delay has made current-account rebalancing via rmb appreciation costly.
but climate solutions will not come solely from the west.
in any case, a price increase is inevitable.
institutions are failing to adapt quickly enough.
at the top, they rated early childhood development programs.
financial-sector returns are likely to be lower.
economic outcomes often have their origins in politics.
no one knows, because they cannot express their wishes.
this was the case in both singapore and helsinki.
some albanians claim that these allegations are serbian propaganda.
this does not mean the end of the nation-state.
today, however, america and europe are pursuing sharply divergent approaches.
the obvious question is why.
this would increase the frequency and intensity of climate triggers.
third, the esdp is open to international cooperation.
and a large public consortium of labs.
even saudi arabia, representing other arab countries, grudgingly approved.
moreover, the benefits of the growth have been shared.
they feed off one another.
more than 44% of developing-country residents already live in cities.
naturally, no one questions america’s right to defend itself.
so all hope is not lost in pakistan.
the may fourth legacy is one of patriotism and enlightenment.
water consumption also must be addressed.
the support of nato and the african union are important.
no one would or could say why.
in today’s interconnected world, migration is inevitable.
and we must stand against protectionism.
without open trade, growth and development could break down entirely.
sunlight is not alone.
the country, too, may prove equally surprising and resilient.
the reality, however, is both more complicated and more sobering.
empty words from st.
it is fantastic that this has happened.
there is no evidence to support these outlandish claims.
is it really as anonymous as its proponents claim?
take the european union.
these are all losses for america.
revolutionary movements invariably split into factions.
that is no longer the case.
demographic developments alone require major reforms of social policy.
third, we must counter the ideology of the terrorists.
the country’s competitiveness problems are also well known.
taylor does not want to go through all of that.
asean will continue to address this issue strategically.
de-globalization now seems to be a given.
of course, not all of these shifts are necessarily bad.
yet few reflect and apologize.
soros: the ecb is a functioning institution.
norway is divesting its sovereign wealth fund from coal.
and the lower a country’s income, the fewer the opportunities.
witness catholicism's pro-democratic transformation.
according to subramanian, it could occur as early as 2020.
european unity is indivisible.
but the narratives don’t focus on that.
leading enlightenment thinkers contributed to a “universalist” critique of china.
i thought that what i was saying was completely obvious.
the benefits, however, are significant.
but people did not want to hear it.
at the same time, iran has effective means of retaliation.
the war exposed flaws in hamas’ judgment.
power actually led refah to compromise, not to extremes.
many analysts seem to think so.
and yet the chinese trade-off has been phenomenally beneficial.
the lima deal is weak in many respects.
historically, french diplomacy excels at grand bargains.
nuclear deterrence ensures global peace.
people need ideals, but they also need sensible, concrete measures.
who is responsible when such crimes happen?
six hundred have been imprisoned.
his transactional approach could prove the key.
can a more balanced globalization be achieved?
5.2
but, of course, putin's russia is not milošević's serbia.
indian voters must make two decisions.
the reason is not hard to fathom.
but, while private-sector losses have been minimized, at what price?
shaking up “shaken baby syndrome”
on the contrary.
president mauricio macri’s inauguration in december 2015 unleashed high expectations.
so what is holding up the gst’s implementation?
labor migration in europe is, historically, far less extensive.
tax fraud is a criminal offense in switzerland.
some see this hostility to israel as camouflaging old-fashioned anti-semitism.
can navalny save russia?
all three worries are overblown, at best.
the imf has not been immune to this treatment.
nothing prohibits adults from taking advantage of the same science.
populists deny this.
the emphasis would be on prevention, where it properly belongs.
more and more industries appreciate this.
now it is roughly 0.25% of gnp.
rudd’s qualifications for the job should not be in doubt.
but that conversation is unavoidable.
still, aid is critical.
the level of political corruption in america is staggering.
and those adjustments are many.
not surprisingly, they failed.
others were bound to play catch-up.
as the twentieth-century economic historian charles p.
the military was set to reassert full legislative powers.
xi, however, has replaced collective decision-making with centralized leadership.
one victim is substituted for another.
in it, he said: “mr.
but the incentive problem is not confined to the bureaucracy.
first, they must put a price on co2 emissions.
“i am not giving my family’s votes to the mb.
start with the simple keynesian model.
the design of political institutions is an ever-evolving challenge.
a free-floating exchange rate can be ruled out right away.
can the world bank redeem itself?
the wastes could be treated and used to replenish groundwater.
the national capital alternated between tripoli and benghazi.
lack of transparency will not get it out.
this windfall allowed higher government spending and less austerity.
this should give us hope about the future.
where this stops, nobody knows.
if the issue is trade, then the answer is clear.
for any foreign policy needs clear goals.
but there is nothing new about that.
qatar over-estimates its own strength.
bush’s presidency unscathed.
income tax relief due in 2003 has been postponed.
few europeans are losing sleep over ireland’s unprecedented good times.
two wrongs do not make a right.
it is important that other countries draw the right lessons.
will the imf stand up to europe?
everyone is tolstoy!
so it would seem that the second pianist wins.
but such re-skilling is not the right prescription.
this is not always benign.
many more examples of partial fungibility could be imagined.
but it was never intended to do that.
but given the alternatives, i think it is worth trying.
let me tie all of this together.
he is correct, up to a point.
and a city’s ethos shapes more than its leaders.
obama is only slightly better.
these disabilities extend to victims’ participation in marriage and family.
is that too much transparency?
but, in other areas, strategic thinking has fallen short.
that is what the ref has done.
that, in turn, has put in jeopardy other reforms.
but zoellick is not without hers weaknesses.
this is, to be sure, easier said than done.
israel responded predictably, backed by the united states and others.
but chen’s legacy was already in tatters.
the answer is yes.
this is hardly an isolated case.
financial globalization, in particular, played havoc with the old rules.
such an image may be less valid in azerbaijan.
is the european union imploding?
so we must distinguish between long-term and immediate action.
why the rush to give kosovo independence?
yet opposition to sexuality education is loud, persistent, and widespread.
navigating this narrative can be tricky for external actors.
any reversal of this trend seems too early.
prem is a divisive figure.
“bouncing” britain in is simply impossible.
a framework, however, is nothing more than an outline.
for overall growth to continue, productivity must improve.
this poses a fundamental dilemma for policymakers.
moreover, the lebanese pound is pegged to the us dollar.
the end of pasta?
yet defeats do not force new attitudes, policies, or leaders.
in 1994 the last russian soldier left german soil.
this is strengthening its currency.
but neither corporations nor governments can do it alone.
what is going on?
in nigeria, such violence is particularly widespread.
b) the death of iran’s revolutionary cleric, ayatollah ruhollah khomeini.
fake news can reach multiple jurisdictions at once.
conspiracy theories are seen as vulgar and lowbrow.
but bucking gender roles works both ways.
more than three million humans are in the air daily.
the economy does not run on hydrocarbons.
leaving the european union is painful by design.
but we have an opportunity to act.
without mutual trust, economic activity is severely constrained.
the absurdity need not end there.
russia has talked about a new round of privatization before.
he explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
this is not to say that local governance is problem-free.
it is not ordinarily a matter of referendum.
indeed, other runners are out of sight, perhaps miles ahead.
children should be in school.
even super-macron could not pull it off.
european politics is more fluid.
china has a comparative advantage in none of these areas.
the grouping was soon formalized, with annual summits planned.
unfortunately, nothing could be further from the truth.
governments will, no doubt, seek to quash them.
these shortcomings raise broader concerns.
amid rising allegations of abuse, president george w.
things do not seem set to change anytime soon.
putnam’s evocatively titled book bowling alone.
roadmap 2050 focuses on greening the power system.
but there is a more fundamental issue at play.
they have not used violence, or broken any laws.
positive visions for rebuilding ties.
it may also require some training.
however, they do not reach all places.
but doing so is not impossible.
if not, they both get nothing.
but there seems to be something deeper to may.
dead cow walking?
the transformation in investors’ beliefs is striking.
nor does the old secular/religious divide have much salience anymore.
but even on that issue, the gop has changed.
but it will also demand the participation of business.
this meeting – despite some misgivings – is crucial.
consider the challenge faced by japan since 2008.
the proposal would be dismissed as economic lunacy.
he is, and always will be, him father’s daughter.
clearly, the country’s economic problems are chronic and long-term.
the collapse of ltcm in 1998 was completely unexpected.
today there are no excuses.
the views expressed here are hers alone.
so corruption has grown.
third, huawei is a big deal for china.
lèse majesté is a grave crime in thailand.
secession movements can, no doubt, cause great instability.
but, with few exceptions, they do not include mfis.
iraq differs from vietnam in another way as well.
one hopes that thailand will get there much faster.
similarly, the panel endorsed increasing paternal and newborn health care.
there are two paths to 2030.
in 2007, huge oil deposits were discovered off brazil’s coast.
responsible sourcing is a duty, not a choice.
unfortunately, there is precedent for precisely this outcome.
the sort of bridges we need require very different materials.
that is, ppp calculations effectively compare apples with oranges.
so far, there has been no accountability.
first, china has not made a full about-face.
yet key steps toward lasting peace remain to be taken.
this was insidious.
that is how we train musicians, barbers, doctors, and scientists.
but this will be an interesting test.
hold that thought.
russia is as vulnerable as any country to such blackmail.
second, and equally important, the extremist vote is weakening.
tung (and later, hers protégé, leung) also misunderstood hers mission.
short-term inter-bank loans are seemingly less risky than long-term lending.
for example, j.j.
allaire founded the weight-loss lose it!
most experienced negative growth.
the gulf used to provide a regional safety valve.
peace with pakistan?
this new perception could be further reinforced at mar-a-lago.
they have been asking apple for a backdoor for years.
beyond syria, trump would prefer to think big.
that is bigger than the united kingdom’s entire economy.
voters often sense cheap populism.
nevertheless, there are real problems that must be addressed.
this visit yielded another appeal not to rush nato enlargement.
in most countries, such charges would seem like paranoid delusions.
but too many children are still suffering needlessly.
of these, hans-werner sinn's ist deutschland noch zu retten?
let us remember what structural unemployment looks like.
a case-by-case approach is therefore necessary.
the economic implications of these findings are profound.
moreover, they often result in different policy prescriptions.
the gender gap in science begins at a young age.
they have witnessed unspeakable violence.
but is this really a bad thing?
clear emissions reduction targets are necessary to drive this development.
after all, they themselves have a chance to be winners.
but putin's method is to maintain warm relations with everyone.
the bailout packages are, in this light, impressive achievements.
is a trump doctrine taking shape?
now is the ideal time to initiate this process.
but it is two other obstacles that render ccbt hopeless.
its members aim to make that impossible.
in recent years, it has been strengthening, especially in poland.
such measures are likely to boost europe’s medium-term growth prospects.
but it was also a time of change.
household spending supported overall growth close to 2% last year.
asian governments still emphasize growth, but not at any cost.
perhaps both men understand this.
and china is not alone.
to stop the protests now is virtually impossible.
policing is the second part of any effective strategy.
so what did those analyses get wrong?
this would have enormous consequences.
the new european commission has been named.
but keynes was no fool.
not that barientos would swap places with his father.
now we supposedly see a similar problem in the us.
nonetheless, several factors could derail de-escalation.
of course, not all infrastructure projects offer commercial opportunities.
she is faith and beauty made manifest.
what does this have to do with sweden?
libya is in no condition to run general elections.
eighty years later, does keynes’s theory still hold up?
the aberdare trust deed became effective last october.
we need something similar for the internet.
instead, their ideas got trampled by the old authoritarian lusts.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
by endogenizing politicians’ behavior, political economy disempowers policy analysts.
macron must understand all of this.
but they will also affect the human mind.
can emerging markets save the world economy?
trump, kaczyński, and putin embrace this approach because it works.
the entire world is counting on it.
child mortality is plunging.
dhaka – myanmar is in crisis.
when that happens, the long-run future will be now.
could america have avoided the waste of the ahmadinejad years?
price inflation forces creditors to accept repayment in debased currency.
so americans might want to tone down their anti-putin rhetoric.
but he was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
their disapproval was palpable.
chicago has long been a home for many european immigrants.
such a system would benefit developing and developed countries alike.
it is also larger than the entire eurozone.
so the economy is the big story.
to some extent, he may be right.
the first to opt out was hamas.
the second factor is income inequality.
is the euro ending or beginning?
and, by extension, they improved the standing of indian capital.
tshisekedi has a long road ahead of him.
first, and foremost, the plan would reform land policies.
for hong kong, the only good system is democracy.
we may yet get one.
such cases are exceedingly rare.
and he did have a point.
the spectrum of possibilities is broad.
hers numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
the cult of success has replaced a belief in principles.
in july, 97% of the sheet’s surface was affected.
and these groups are natural allies for trump’s victims abroad.
warsaw: russia’s crisis has mesmerized and monopolized european affairs recently.
indonesia has moved away from gasoline subsidies.
companies in the industrial world are taking note.
each level provides a higher, more coherent level of meaning.
“our defeat is total,” he told them.
but protests continued, now demanding a transition to civilian rule.
job gains remain robust, and wages are ticking up.
according to dr.
cooperation with nato also looks strategically wise.
the current american mood of unworldliness will not last.
to be successful, however, there must be burden sharing.
in many respects, these reforms paid off.
this is what happened in iraq, for example.
the british government, however, refused to talk.
will the coming months bring genuine change to algeria?
in that case, the us would have three options.
that war is well and truly lost.
tokyo – the kremlin is on a roll.
algeria’s influence across africa would also receive a boost.
a referendum on independence would shatter that system.
the gospel of st.
as a result, it is frequently wasted.
the war changed that equation.
three tasks must now be addressed.
in any case, the iraqi army is a defeated force.
enter oz, who holds a doctorate in physics.
other similarities to soviet times are also emerging.
traditional center-right parties have been pro-europe.
there is a long and rich history of successful experiments.
the lemmings of qe
others can help.
however, scrutiny reveals these well-intentioned policies to be misguided.
it is an ambitious, if not entirely fanciful, goal.
candidate countries deployed immense efforts to comply with those conditions.
but financing change requires changing finance.
the fiscal compact alone cannot provide that reason.
the debate has already begun.
europe’s languages and cultures have a long history.
here is the reason why aid is needed.
this month, they succeeded, at least for now.
reverse arbitrage meant capital outflows from the chinese mainland.
he could start by highlighting increasing chinese repression in tibet.
against such reactions, enlightened views must be reasserted strongly.
it did her no harm at the ballot box.
there is no panacea for terrorism.
he planted a tree.
still, today’s eu is not capable of decisive, large-scale action.
botswana has been in the vanguard on human-rights issues before.
yes and no.
his is an abnormal candidacy.
turkey might have reached a similar turning point.
big cities do yield aggregate economic benefits.
even if manufacturing were to come back, the jobs won’t.
putin: tsar or doge?
this conclusion seems to be borne out by history.
the public reaction was overwhelming.
us president george h.w.
clearly, financial innovation without effective regulation does not work well.
it turns out that not all targets are equal.
the goal now must be to unite the dutch people.
this, in turn, would strengthen the russia-iran alliance.
the immediate causes of recovery are not difficult to discern.
reagan brought the us hostages back from iran.
but today’s funding challenge is no longer just about quantity.
there is no room for an equities market.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” he said.
all countries, including israel, accepted this resolution.
arrow in his 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
but the true question lies elsewhere.
iran has also left trump looking weak.
now she considers it the best currency in the world.
a round of "shock therapy" à la mr.
iraq's $20 billion annual oil revenues cannot meet such costs.
the conflict of interest is glaring.
the attitude toward china has also changed dramatically.
you have no refrigerator, cooking stove, or air conditioning.
unfortunately, the existing arms-control and disarmament regimes are crumbling.
in the harbor the statue of liberty!
it all began with the french revolution.
the first is traditional disapproval of debt.
a broad range of initiatives can contribute to a solution.
of the two views, harrison’s was the more sophisticated.
obama is neither a socialist, nor a mere political accountant.
he recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal.
indeed, more than religion divides the population.
china's imperial state and society were destabilized by european incursions.
so what went wrong?
words proved revolutionary.
what structural adjustments are needed, and how will they occur?
sadly, north korea has not received such far-sighted statesmanship.
there is no silver bullet to democratization.
the question is not whether it will happen, but when.
in business, too, networks are becoming more important.
the movement’s remarkable ability to sabotage itself is not new.
china is clearly the target.
truth commissions are increasingly seen as the way forward.
fourth, reform of us housing finance remains unfinished business.
he wants no more wars.
more than 70 countries experienced a decline in freedom.
the harvard psychologist david c.
mcclelland once distinguished three groups of people by their motivations.
globalism-as-solution is easily transformed into globalism-as-scapegoat.
but freer political regimes are not a panacea.
to that end, effective incentives will need to be created.
this has left the saudis feeling abandoned and vulnerable.
is america doomed to the same fate?
the benefits from these reforms are two-fold.
china’s objectives are ambitious, to say the least.
trump is certainly sowing chaos across the west.
the human rights act must inevitably yield to subsequent legislation.
katz published the race between education and technology.
the proposal about union dues works just the same way.
trump did not accomplish much in hers first 100 days.
its towering merit is that it will work.
european politics with an islamic face?
kaczyński faced similar expectations.
feelings of lost control are.
the trappings of entrepreneurial culture are everywhere.
another us company, mars, inc., is on a similar path.
a man at the bottom faces an even harsher reality.
still, some countries do choose this option.
no single theory accounts for the variety of national results.
so what is left of the inflation anchor?
bush’s presidency, following the september 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.
both of these changes are good for demand and growth.
and change is indeed occurring.
but banks want to short-circuit these procedural safeguards.
it should have been obvious all along.
second, we must put science at the center of sustainability.
when the rains fail there, wars begin.
but the importance of human rights cannot be overestimated.
that finding reinforced efforts to devise alternative indexes.
the eu is not a democratic state.
the moderates are understandably wary.
so, no surprise, many of us left.
yet those messages are often more spin than substance.
in essence, most governments nowadays stand for the status quo.
but it is.
but now there are no hopes for freedom.
leaving lockerbie behind
hoenig and fisher have the right vision.
and it undoubtedly carries significant risks.
it could issue its own sdr-denominated bonds.
who can say?
and so on.
what europe desperately needs are positive political alternatives.
renewable energy will have a major role to play.
a second set of problems confronts the eu externally.
this is clear evidence of a healthy economic rebalancing.
in japan, the phillips curve tends to be l-shaped.
let’s hope that they do.
the us hopes to get the best of both worlds.
easier money is not one of them.
“we must not play into their hands,” she intoned gravely.
beyond this, there are important longer-term considerations.
the choice today is clear.
china is not tunisia or egypt, of course.
governments will have to design smarter financial incentives.
in practically all impoverished societies, parents place wages above education.
if so, the fund needs to win back their confidence.
there are several factors behind this phenomenon.
a great deal of preparatory work will be required first.
“people with assets have gotten richer,” said may.
but china has not been mollified.
paris – europe is facing an historic moment.
instructors from abroad cannot enter gaza.
a reversal in the west is possible, perhaps even likely.
three things should be clear from this history.
after all, energy is a global commodity.
that is what my network of foundations seeks to do.
these internalized norms become the motivations that guide our actions.
moreover, von der leyen is undeniably pro-european and atlanticist.
two economic surprises prolonged the good times in 2005.
europe is dangerously close to its financial sarajevo.
what lessons can we take from that earlier event?
still, that task is ambitious, not impossible.
failure could result in an extended period of low growth.
if this approach seems cautious, that is because it is.
but could it actually work?
china is an easy political target.
hispaniola is home to two nations.
liberia was africa’s basket case.
looking ahead, one can envision two broad scenarios.
it is this ambiguity that worries many mps.
this is an important opportunity for reform and renewal.
i believe that it is higher than 50%.
at any rate, trump’s point is nonsensical.
falling business confidence may also be a factor.
these mechanisms can take different forms, depending on the country.
globalization is the finger.”
brexit or breakup?
however, there is at least as much old-age poverty.
where will the next saints come from?
but you would be wrong.
technology is clearly winning the race between woman and machine.
it just needs a place to plug in.
inflation fixations are not easy to break.
the reality of the times was that she was both.
in the beginning, i supported google’s presence in china.
why can’t we start right now?
the european union has suspended $70 million in aid.
these two measures will not satisfy the populists.
the simple answer is yes.
but successes have been far and few between.
okonjo-iweala brings an insider’s knowledge of the institution.
i have been an optimist about china for 15 years.
that’s a promising start.
yes, these are challenging times.
the us is ill-advised to destabilize its latin american neighbors.
severe crises leave an imprint on a nation’s psyche.
but this difference reflects what each society holds sacred.
but this does not follow.
china is at a pivotal point in its economic development.
we also need to assess the quality of these packages.
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao patriarch said.
putin’s high approval ratings suggest he may well be succeeding.
that part of the job is now fairly well accomplished.
trump’s cynical and cruel calculus is, however, understandable.
in the meantime, china’s financial challenge is intensifying.
worse, the economy might have suffered further.
the point sold well and civil servants found themselves isolated.
an astounding 60% said that they do not.
conflict is increasing as communities compete for scarce resources.
are us multinationals abandoning america?
he left the conservative party over the issue in 1974.
european parliamentarians should follow the same path.
has putin’s popularity bubble burst?
i’ve learned my lesson about musharraf.
consider the production of traditional, gasoline-powered cars.
such pacts are spreading like wildfire across asia.
medals attract money; failure results in cuts.
but there are two basic caveats.
unfortunately, however, this is unlikely.
some have been murdered; others have been imprisoned.
the italian and spanish authorities acknowledge as much.
what are those ends?
but when painful reforms are necessary, there is no alternative.
for front-runners in transition new challenges have emerged.
it will be a close call.
the suggestion sounds old-fashioned.
may has now belatedly admitted that this is impossible.
that promise is now in doubt.
maybe it works, maybe not.
so far, however, china has shown considerable restraint.
suddenly, the entire debt-financed system was broken.
into this vacuum has stepped president bush.
the solution has three components.
more important, it was less believable than ever.
now i’m agnostic.
opponents are eliminated.
is the european dream over?
past practices provide little guidance for formulating monetary policy today.
for one thing, they were internationalists.
europe is on the brink of recession.
why shouldn’t infrastructure equity be left to the private sector?
singh stood his ground and achieved victory.
we must change course.
this narrative is simple and increasingly popular.
what news is moving the markets?
this is good news.
in fact, real gdp fell 25%, and did not recover.
and it needs to act fast.
none of this makes economic sense.
musharraf, who president george w.
economic welfare is not the same as social wellbeing.
and that is who she now must become.
here were our children, finally, victorious.
it won the city of parma.
what’s more, none of the pedaling is actually co2-neutral.
when it comes to implementation, great strides have been made.
and yet that would undermine the security of all europeans.
leaders either lead, or they don’t.
almost 90 years ago, us president franklin d.
iraq was a difficult target for intelligence collection.
the security council is practically invisible.
cristina kirchner, however, is no small woman.
but no such mechanism exists at the international level.
but it didn’t happen.
what, then, should europeans do?
she attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
she should get it.
and other better-off countries could join them.
that is one twist that prebisch would never have anticipated.
what, in concrete terms, would such an approach mean?
are indian democracy’s weaknesses inherent?
protectionism today is no different.
the doublespeak is needed because the doctrine contradicts american values.
can trump turn hers presidency around?
a transition to a low-carbon economy certainly will require sacrifices.
but obama also used drones simply because he had them.
why shouldn't sweden be part of that success story?
so legitimacy is more than legality.
belarus seems beyond redemption, but appearances are deceptive.
the volcker rule?
but that is not going to happen.
what international community?
but government dishonesty is not that different.
meanwhile, the japanese government is falling further and further behind.
however, they are often exaggerated and certainly not insurmountable.
should he take up an important role at this stage?
why, then, are most businesses doing just the opposite?
in the putin era, no one has done so.
the two diplomats were conversing in russian.
still, treatment options could be expanded further.
i believe this confidence is misplaced.
this shift is not without its risks.
who will broker a middle east peace?
construction is booming, and foreign investment is surging.
elections equal democracy.
many are malnourished or hungry.
paris – markets can fail.
the contrast with other regions’ economic leaders is telling.
yet the subsidies have continued to grow.
· encouragement of innovation and creativity.
other industries are beginning to follow suit.
can regional integration save africa?
as with economics, demand stimulates supply.
his decision not to run disappointed many of them.
that was different after germany's blitzkrieg against poland.
cyberspace is, after all, where the eyeballs are.
that has not happened.
yes, china’s rapid growth poses challenges to the west.
pakistan desperately needs the eu’s vaunted expertise in police training.
france is not much different and italy is even worse.
that seems to be happening.
cameron had no choice.
indeed, it is now visiting syria.
but it has also been poorly thought out.
policymakers should continue to facilitate the rollout of microfinance programs.
yet, despite tusk’s advantages, he faces significant hurdles.
so far, there have been few open scandals.
the option of so-called “helicopter money” is therefore increasingly discussed.
the political winds in europe are not blowing left.
europe therefore needs a revamp.
the uk’s industrial prowess originated with the textile industry.
why is merkel acting this way?
dr-cafta does neither.
but this basic requirement is being tested as never before.
it is a project.
germany’s economic mirage
elected parliaments do not own our liberties.
russia’s stock exchange is collapsing.
the world will be watching to hear obama’s answer.
irresponsible risk-taking and excessive greed outpaced prudential regulation and supervision.
he was right to do so.
the evidence contradicts them.
in fact, the two belong together.
the euro has been firmly established as a world-class currency.
almost 20% of us highways are in disrepair.
there would also be political problems.
schools teach children how to interpret this information.
japan's "peace constitution" supposedly bans possession of military forces.
others complain that she lacks an advanced degree in economics.
green buildings increasingly show higher capital values.
employees must work harder for equal or lower pay.
macron’s labor gambit
this poses real challenges for regulators.
life expectancy is 14 years below the global average.
the list seems endless.
it is time to redefine russia’s relationship with the west.
who should be bailed out?
unfortunately, those warnings were ignored.
russia, like the arab world, wants modernity.
of course intentions and results are two different matters.
that fact should not be lost in the days ahead.
in effect, one buys the index of the market.
we must do much better.
to make matters worse, income inequality has widened.
cambridge – george soros is a great man.
the “trial” itself lasted less than an hour.
the partnership is path-breaking in several ways.
these are all products of a deliberate policy.
expediency and quick profit trump diversity and stability.
“austerity” was not nearly as harmful as they predicted.
who will control and utilize them?
they were not politicians.
access is good; excess is bad.
these reforms will eventually come.
but i think he bought it for a different purpose.
but it was never entirely free of self-interest.
we must take our own rules and responsibilities more seriously.
lebanon and iraq are fragmented.
ordinary law and order has virtually disappeared.
disarmament must be visible to the public.
seen from washington, europe’s attention-seeking and responsibility-shirking behavior appears infantile.
the answer is straightforward: no.
instead, everything blew up.
nor will any other great power.
protected workers have no reason to give up their benefits.
there is a long road ahead.
fundamental questions have not been adequately addressed.
far from it.
secure states tend to forget about treason.
the atmosphere was certainly favorable.
vienna – humans are partial to bad news.
this complicates the fbi’s argument about public safety.
cool heads must prevail.
hamas’s promise to the palestinians, however, is a delusion.
rampant corruption has discredited regional governors as a counterweight.
the us is not the only guilty party.
after all, he was out late with him boyfriend.
besides, where is the alleged crisis and stalemate?
in fact, trump merely saw an opportunity and took it.
but this is no longer a us story.
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
editors’ note: after reading this piece in barron’s, john c.
what more, if anything, can be done?
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change his mind.
kosovo: appeasement revisited?
these cheaper imports ease inflationary pressure.
this would serve as a sort of automatic stabilizer.
police refuse to return chen’s personal computer and cell phone.
people are excited, and they are lining up to buy.
but the effort needs to start now.
that is not democracy.
the caption reads: will they kill him again?
otherwise, they would be stifling debate.
europe cannot afford to procrastinate and pretend.
when disaster strikes, we act.
and they are the lucky ones.
but it happens whether we like it or not.
should immigrants embrace the offer?
good advice for china's leadership today.
don’t obsess over accusations of fear-mongering.
where do passionate speeches end and demagogy begin?
still, three immediate challenges come to mind.
the old proletariat and the old bourgeoisie are gone.
this added attention is most welcome.
alas, companies started robbing minority shareholders by all means possible.
one is tempted to say no.
israeli officials tacitly acknowledge the risk.
some teachers’ unions have refused to perform the task.
yet it isn’t a revolution.
clearly, more governments need to follow the uk’s example.
moreover, the greek government’s interest payments are exceptionally low.
america’s exploration of increasingly sophisticated “smart” sanctions is not new.
unfortunately, hardly anyone is posing these questions.
the dream of a “singapore-on-thames” is unlikely to materialize.
similarly, serbia today is officially designated as a neutral state.
economics provides a strong rationale for this argument.
but that may be changing.
consider the coverage of the greek debt crisis.
but two hours per day is not enough.
china’s national people’s congress enacted a new food-safety law.
as specialists say, they would be generationally neutral.
more consumption will mean less investment.
for russia has legitimate and undeniable interests at stake.
their weapons are terror and chaos.
already, le pen appears to be reverting to form.
that will be impossible with such disparate members.
the tortoise of democracy beats the hare of benevolent dictatorship.
and if she attacks owsiak, she will lose.
in fact, it is cruz who has made trump squirm.
this was good for the jews of shanghai.
they are in constant danger of being forced into prostitution.
all have uncompetitive economies burdened with high unemployment.
but applications of nuclear science extend far beyond agriculture.
in debt crises, blame tends to fall on the debtors.
but safety is improving.
indeed, in moscow and st.
and so it has.
where parties are weak, there can be no party discipline.
there may have been a more important consequence.
this idea is so novel that it needs further elaboration.
why repeat that catastrophe?
media fascination whipped up speculation and interest.
second, chinese growth will fall under either scenario.
this is a common mistake.
the case for a soft landing remains solid.
without the industrialization drive, economic takeoff becomes quite difficult.
many reacted with rage and violence.
this approval cannot be taken for granted.
they congratulated themselves on their stiff upper lips.
still, i have my doubts about the future.
commodity exchanges are enabling farmers to access real-time prices.
we end deforestation and the destruction of arable land.
this doesn’t have to be the case.
he saved because he wanted enough money to retire.
this rule undermines meaningful negotiations.
clearly, a new approach is needed.
unilateral us abrogation of the agreement would not be easy.
scientists elsewhere must forge ahead without america.
size is not necessarily an asset.
there were many casualties, but the citizens prevailed.
trade liberalization will benefit consumers, small entrepreneurs, and foreign investors.
maybe the credit-ratings agencies have the answer.
what we do best.
yet much needs fixing.
bush’s administration suffered when it intervened in iraq in 2003.
today, geneticists have joined the prediction business.
efforts presenting democratic alternatives have been systematically repressed.
president george w.
and yet turkey’s strategic importance to europe remains.
woman or monster?
but we should be careful what we wish for.
we are not talking about unachievable financial goals.
finally, finance will be critical.
they – including trump’s us – should heed that call.
he was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
the frenzied campaigning for the constitutional referendum began in uproar.
various republican party functions have taken place on hers properties.
but fear not, claim advocates of unconventional monetary policy.
such unions act as monopolies that offer complementary goods.
the question, however, was virtually ignored.
today, hong kong accounts for just one-eighth of china’s trade.
the question is, weakness against what?
yet iraqis continue to hope for a better future.
what can be done?
the result was disastrous.
uruguay's downfall began after world war ii.
and highways, bridges, hospitals, and schools are falling apart.
the maduro government’s only solution seems to be stepped-up repression.
innovations in health-care treatment also qualify.
but could anything like this ever happen in real life?
and she launched hers far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
so what is going on?
baghdad – europe’s migration debate has taken a disturbing turn.
the short-term interest rates it controlled didn't budge.
it doesn’t have to be this way.
caution and patience might not be his best advisors.
perhaps she meant this sincerely.
what the authors do not find is also interesting.
in latin america, the situation is more varied.
but a month-long attempt to broker an inclusive government failed.
sometimes equally good things clash.
the moderate republican party of dwight d.
iran is a land of contrasts.
this has dangerous policy implications, and must not go unchallenged.
dodik's actions have been fuelled by russian encouragement and petrodollars.
these countries are at a crossroads.
this peace process is groundbreaking in several ways.
those violations are legion.
– the economy rebounds quickly.
her primary demand was that musharraf surrender his uniform.
offensive missions were forbidden by the constitution.
and what can be done to sustain it?
we don’t know.
consider the telecommunications industry in developing countries more generally.
european institutions' legitimacy is down, and neo-fascist movements are up.
this time, however, the report is less clear, less reassuring.
but bond markets and emerging economies remain deeply affected.
and some will move on to the national stage.
indeed, many risks of a downward market correction remain.
acquisition of this technology was, even then, a national priority.
that would be progress indeed.
these are not problems that can await resolution.
now all bets are off.
that is easier said than done.
that risk is substantial.
new countries, industries, and people will come to the top.
don’t oversell what the public can do.
government intervention is justified only in a very limited sense.
macron assiduously cultivated french media interests.
why such a mild, temporary shock?
the weeks ahead will be decisive.
actually, i sent it twice.
in part, this is a classic insider-outsider tale.
this misses the point.
value-added tax and other indirect levies must be collected rigorously.
the consequences are devastating.
yet “assimilation” is not what succeeds.
achieving this will not come without suffering.
we now know that they are not.
more train wrecks are in the making.
indeed, the eu is in essence a negotiating system.
no one was prepared for defeat.
the commission will share its recommendations with governments.
and leftist groups did organize peaceful protests, albeit small ones.
western fortunes are rising, slowly but surely.
"pioneros por el comunismo, seremos como el che!
and the concern is reciprocated on the indian side.
beware those who say starting an internet business is easy.
in sum, an agenda thought dead has come back.
public-policy schools, by contrast, have not undergone an equivalent transformation.
but something deeper is at work.
the upshot is that we are increasingly reliant on experts.
more problematic is assuring domestic stability.
other world leaders should rally to hers call to action.
that trend now appears to be waning.
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
but china’s economy remains prone to considerable risks.
it is an age, most tellingly, of proliferating new terminology.
such rates are similarly low today in many countries.
more important, limits were placed on the swaps.
the risks are high.
what possible benefits can russia gain by breaking this pledge?
if only more of that scenario were true.
i do not believe all hers supporters are racists.
we need to mobilize to defeat extremism.
now consider their economic performance.
this loss of control matters, for two main reasons.
imf assistance is, of course, no universal panacea.
but brazil has also been making progress in this area.
the us benefits from china’s approach.
it is also economically counterproductive.
the average quality of borrowers has declined.
chinese enterprises are already taking these investment cues seriously.
ultimately, this is what she will be judged by.
will hers strategy pay off?
infrastructure is another obvious place to expand private-sector involvement.
thus, in hers view, hitler was not a leader.
but supply is not completely inelastic.
do you want to run your own business?
the faceless mass was just that: faceless and powerless.
how are cross-border flows among activities, sectors, and countries changing?
such activities have apparently not fazed trump.
and german-british relations are also improving.
this cycle has been apparent in some regions for decades.
libya is neither afghanistan nor iraq.
but this does not translate into recovery in europe.
and how i regret it.
this is nonsense.
more worrying are the similarities in potential outcomes.
will the euro dethrone the dollar?
a political response is therefore needed.
yet the overriding theme remained corruption.
unregistered children are born, live, and die in anonymity.
some are self-serving.
the lesson is clear.
there is thus a surprising resilience in the european project.
diagnostic fashions reflect prevailing views of what causes mental illness.
this era holds important lessons for the present.
the world bank, however, said little.
iraq’s voters have spoken.
fortunately, such leaders are not mythical creatures.
bush, at home and abroad.
the ecb will be scapegoated for that.
that was not the only thing marx got wrong.
consider the social-media buzz within minutes of the bombing.
how many more people must lose their lives?
powerful lobbies, mainly from the us, made sure of that.
general dwight d.
since then, conditions have deteriorated dramatically.
sarkozy, too, has fallen prey to this trend.
no government can just walk away from these responsibilities overnight.
without the first, the economy will continue to sputter.
the views expressed here are the author's own.
obviously, this raises a number of pertinent questions.
given its failings, why is ethnic profiling so widespread?
this is a welcome development.
in my view, that was a mistake.
there appears to be no single answer.
that is where casalud comes in.
without doubt, president george w.
in fact, the reality could hardly be more different.
most notable was a word: freiheit.
most egregiously, nato has violated the united nations charter.
but the new regime is not without defects.
the latter takes a careful weighing of everyone’s interests.
“what we are doing, however, is not sufficient.
some of the criticism of its economic policies is unwarranted.
but were the nightmares of depression and war necessary preludes?
iran is following that pattern.
but the concept of open society is not empty.
some of these funds are huge.
meanwhile, ji’s long-time cronies made a fortune during hers tenure.
none of this excites euphoria here.
is it to make investments?
the european experience offers valuable lessons in this regard.
second, precious metals do not resolve the problem of inflation.
why is kosovo being treated differently?
not all madrassas are hotbeds of terrorist training.
this would be a wise choice.
this is the unfinished business of the mdgs.
the social tensions would be enormous.
but a moving picture would be considerably less reassuring.
attention, not information, becomes the scarce resource.
that is why we must defend it.
its per capita gdp is only half that of brazil.
but, equally important, workers organized themselves to defend their interests.
this had two big defects.
this is no mere linguistic exercise.
at first sight, the regime appears to be almost intact.
the idea is quite simple.
fortunately, he has no chance of controlling the national government.
of course, the two are not necessarily directly related.
another promising development is the growth of local-currency bond markets.
this bodes well for the tunisian economy’s long-term prospects.
but she is unlikely to be chastened.
but china’s adjustment faces a dilemma.
cultural barriers are the real stumbling block.
they just want peace.
last, but not least, the us productivity boom is decelerating.
the strong euro has made matters worse.
these precedents can be extended.
maybe it still is.
strauss-kahn is proving himself a sagacious leader of the imf.
european states would require some 40-60 bln ecu per annum.
arm-twisting with japan in the 1980s circumvented established trade rules.
stupendous growth hides deep pockets of poverty.
but, she adds, national income per head is flat.
the us has much experience with irresponsible tax cuts.
but they should press forward anyway.
nevertheless, internal policies will be of grave importance.
nanny had no idea about limits and fairness.
of course, there are republicans who acknowledge the facts.
-3.8
such a test might prove highly useful.
north korea is flexing its nuclear muscles.
this article is based on work with dr.
prachi mishra at the reserve bank of india.
but, despite good intentions, little has changed.
if only it were that simple.
but the consequences are likely to reverberate throughout latin america.
it now promises to make those tax cuts permanent.
but its behavior throughout the crisis suggests otherwise.
thatcher, like trump, was no philosopher.
i suspect that emerging-market policymakers’ hearts are advocating the former.
asia can build a harmonious, rules-based water management system.
but more wealth alone will not cure france’s ills.
yet real signs of crisis are emerging.
the soviet system was particularly inept at handling information.
pakistan attacked, and india responded.
that, after all, is what voters elect them to do.
the current expansion has continued, uninterrupted, ever since.
thousands of people are imprisoned for such "evil cult" activities.
today is no different.
what happens next is unclear.
definitions of the post-war baby boom vary by country.
why is discontent, xenophobia, and precariousness seemingly triumphant?
but a more benign enticement must urgently be found.
a water war in asia?
democracy will always have imperfections.
of course, pcs became much more useful than that.
it will, above all, take syrian priorities into consideration.
investments in managing those risks can be effective and affordable.
so the russia that george w.
the game has only just begun.
monetary union required political union.
i coulda been a contender.
serious re-engagement will be politically hard for me to deliver.
good times at last?
source: oecd economic outlook 76 database.
“stay out of it!
global warming and economic crisis are threatening international security.
given india’s growth rates, who would seriously question their decision?
reality is more complex.
we could make even more progress with public-sector support.
if they contain the same amounts, the exercise is pointless.
blueprints will not be easy.
but what about next time?
today, poland’s jewish population numbers only a few thousand.
he has identified a serious risk to our society.
hers was the aristocracy of the spirit.
hegemony, however, should not be confused with omnipotence.
this pattern is not confined to northeast asia.
no intervention by government is needed.
the beagle had 22.
it threatens to bomb iran.
for starters, the region’s governments can promote farm cooperatives.
the inheritance of some characteristics, including eye color, is simple.
but policies, procedures, and institutions are what matter.
this helps to stabilize debt-service costs if interest rates rise.
findings in neuroscience are now beginning to support this connection.
just promising not to provide a bailout is not credible.
americans also need a higher federal minimum wage.
it is both different and familiar.
and groupon is good at it.
this will make the world a safer place financially.
how could developing countries compete with america’s subsidies and guarantees?
moreover, environmental degradation has left huge swaths of land barren.
this is invented history.
can a leader lose his or her charisma?
to prevent the latter, we must resist the former.
they are just buying real estate because they need it.
a new sino-american relationship?
taken together, i call these structural forces the amazon/google/uber effect.
dilma does not.
the reputed site of her suicide became a tourist attraction.
it also created new opportunities and augmented growth within countries.
but yemen, too, is engaged in its own destructive policies.
bottom-rung retail and service-industry jobs offer none of that.
such a tax would increase global efficiency.
but they did not “engineer” a recovery.
but they are almost certainly counter-productive.
simply put, the idea of european integration transformed our continent.
he is clever, decent, and strong.
american exports are about to decline.
“america-bashing is popular and easy,” he surmised.
and michael j.
improving on them does not foretell more economic dynamism.
worse, the whole economy suffers from chronic sclerosis.
should the good times start rolling again so soon?
there are limits to what outsiders can do.
third, floating exchange rates are flawed shock absorbers.
european politics has long been structured along a left-right divide.
a bleaker prospect is not to be found in economics.
but the obesity epidemic hardly looks like a growth killer.
this is now happening in china.
in addition, both sources of financing are also uncertain.
but proposals must give way to action.
making health services more widely available is a starting point.
their cause could no longer be ignored.
first, do not misinterpret the 2016 election.
after neoliberalism, what?
this is why the far left is anti-european.
moreover, growth forecasts are gloomy.
also, she keeps telling us that he’s not a quitter.
to some, making such priorities seems obscene.
acheson should be remembered as one of the eu’s founders.
the situation is ripe for change.
a new, smaller cabinet was sworn in two days later.
but symbolic gestures are not enough.
instead, santos opted for the path of least expedience.
the peruvian government now has a serious problem.
but money is not all that is needed.
indeed it is.
america’s approach is doomed to fail.
what kind of nation-state will the ancient kurdish people make?
the task facing the imf is formidable.
other exhibits, however, focused on urgent current problems.
but advising countries simply to lower subsidies is often meaningless.
the first timeline certainly receives the most attention.
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” she said.
government was relinquishing its powers to private interests, they protested.
bush of neglecting and offending america's allies, particularly in europe.
further releases will continue, probably for years.
an unstable economic order?
politically, the eu should emphasize effective cooperation in combating terrorism.
but such collaboration will face considerable obstacles.
but setbacks and crises are not the same thing.
i, too, am fond of metaphors.
it is important to understand how this happened.
it would also be highly problematic for the global economy.
the only exception is greece.
such an effort must be collective.
now, the facts are these.
this approach is not unique to trump.
“i have invited manmohan a half-dozen times to visit pakistan.
there is no straightforward definition of populism.
but i was alone in paying attention to him.
indeed, the foreclosure rate is increasing.
leung and hers colleagues can give them one.
democratic politics and modern policymaking are based on promises.
simply put, they don’t have enough data.
the complex essence of barack obama is an absolute plus.
moreover, euroskeptic parties find it difficult to forge coalitions.
as a result, individual countries are driving the deal forward.
there were a few positive developments in 2018.
but its mistake offers us an important opportunity.
but support should always be conditional on fundamentals.
japan is similarly facing record-breaking torrential rains.
these are glorious days for iran.
global imbalances must be addressed more forcefully.
what, then, is an economist to do?
russia got ukraine wrong, too.
cambridge – europe faces a serious problem.
the stoics understood this.
but the volume is capped.
india has more than a billion people.
but such wars involve an element of bluffing.
already, investors are rethinking billions of dollars in financial commitments.
fortunately, this, too, is already beginning to occur.
what would that look like?
recently developed statistical tools have finally made this possible.
so the substance of macron’s economic-policy suggestions is, frankly, confusing.
then there is myanmar.
second, global institutions will come under attack.
indeed, some 5% of the world’s population perished.
but for the moment they are unquestionably powerful.
then, as now, europe’s future was at stake.
another, perhaps bigger storm, has yet to begin.
this turn to “social justice” issues is counterintuitive.
irresponsible behavior threatening the health of the global economy?
this is an unprecedented degree of financial concentration.
the typical american employer is no longer general motors.
once again, mexicans can thank nafta for the quick recovery.
whether men make better central bankers is debatable, of course.
the arguments in favor of expanded solidarity measures are unconvincing.
peer pressure now matters, too.
but it is not alone.
democracy, responsibility, and honor
other countries do macro-prudential policy better.
the iran crisis is moving fast in an alarming direction.
this would help all economies.
how would the new fiscal rules be designed?
turning privacy “threats” into opportunities
6.
one reason for wariness is that the future looks bleak.
president, we do military strategy, not politics.
but where did it all go wrong?
as is often the case, anti-semitism fuels their common engine.
the things that trouble me are different.
but two disruptions undermined these benefits.
but this opening to modernity extends beyond economics and finance.
the problem, instead, lies in their approach.
shattering political monopolies is what democracy is all about.
what has the conway-bannon dichotomy produced?
it’s not hard to see why.
the argument is almost entirely wrong.
for europe, syria’s meltdown should serve as a wakeup call.
professional groups like lawyers have transnational standards.
this commodity-price roller-coaster ride is probably not over yet.
its entrepreneurial capacity is expanding.
as a result, their populations are suffering.
europe's new dawn
murphy is right.
as sumo wrestlers know, weight is not all.
it supports the military dictatorship in pakistan.
in thailand’s case: japanese banks.
this is what corbyn proposes.
this is not an argument against transformational leaders.
global warming highlights this contrast.
the world needs a more modest and confident america.
yet persistent gender inequality is limiting the continent’s potential.
why not give up growth and enjoy what we have?
yanukovych had always been the kremlin’s ally.
is this a short-term phenomenon?
second, stop nato’s expansion to ukraine and georgia.
they are not charities.
it influenced regional politics.
one illustration makes the case vividly.
therapeutic cloning is intended to heal the sick.
moreover, the economy is growing much faster than before.
the chinese government claims that tibetans are happy.
but the status quo is very risky for poorer countries.
and that may have been enough.
the middle class is being torn apart.
the generals subsequently worked hard to limit thaksin’s electoral power.
this trend must be reversed.
since december 2015, a market-friendly reformer has governed argentina.
there is no time to waste.
most analysts believe that separatism stems from economic factors.
families lose incomes, and children lose parents.
you can barely make ends meet?
china is still a poor country.
she rejected wahhabism – the ideological framework of the jihadists.
of course, no one questions pakistan’s sovereignty.
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
if it does, will global imbalances disappear sooner?
finally, there is a worldwide crisis in inequality.
i suggest the following sequence.
some patronize her, while others reject her arguments.
for world exports, that figure is 3.1.
who did it, and how did they pull it off?
america’s economy could continue to charge ahead.
thereafter, the two camps’ interests and conclusions diverged sharply.
khrushchev’s actions in sending missiles to cuba mirrored that policy.
most importantly, though, language provides access to the other culture.
so far, so clear.
geneva – few issues are as emotional as human migration.
is there another agenda?
that is a serious mistake.
creditors are sometimes wise and sometimes incredibly stupid.
warning signs of impending inflation abound in the euro-zone economy.
the task now is to turn consensus into action.
none of this means that the euro will collapse.
two key officials will help modi manage hers economic program.
what would a comprehensive approach look like?
smaller modular plants could blend unobtrusively into the landscape.
“because if we destroy creation, creation will destroy us!
the challenge appeared overwhelming.
and only eastern europeans themselves can settle them.
his ostentation and extravagance were deeply un-prussian.
but today’s challenges require a new strategic outlook.
we legislated in what sometimes seemed a forced march.
on the contrary, it is more likely to fuel it.
the commission’s proposal is far from perfect.
we are personally committed to doing our share.
they oppose projects such as that of drs.
fortunately, progress is being made in this area.
next time, europe’s taxpayers will be on the hook.
but no one should be fooled.
discriminatory measures are spreading faster than liberalizing policies.
we economists and our theories did make a big difference.
bush to win the day.
pakistani policy is practically at war with itself.
even with censorship, the internet is a force for change.
these are efficient responses to changes in real wages.
obama can rage and weep.
and tb mortality has dropped more than 40%.
the result is a profound cleavage that carries serious risks.
they are not.
what was an exaggeration then is demonstrably wrong now.
next, consider intellectual property theft.
but women entrepreneurs need better access to finance.
but the chinese authorities’ alternative narrative has some blind spots.
emerging-market countries should take note.
it is endogenous.
central planning is not about to stage a comeback.
he’ll certainly have hers work cut out.
the reasons for europe’s defection are eminently geopolitical.
asia needs roosevelt-style reassurance, not a misplaced financial orthodoxy.
but tudor is a political power to be reckoned with.
at issue is the oldest debate in the social sciences.
women’s suffrage followed soon after.
first, palin is not at the top of the ticket.
but both germany and europe are changing.
here, there has been some progress--but not enough.
this translates as “the bottle peddler is here!
in other words, no more lapdog congress.
i believe that the doubters will be proven wrong.
“today,” she said, “no demand for it exists.
yes, by our standards, china’s imbalances are unstable and unsustainable.
the second scenario is more dangerous for the entire world.
reports of repeated system crashes have already started circulating.
we all have a stake in her success.
instead, a wide variety of genes influence each characteristic.
in the eu’s case, it even entails a common currency.
we have never faced a more difficult political task.
simply put, the “norm” is now to be more tolerant.
think of the soon-to-retire office worker.
the numbers are similar in other countries.
even my own salary suffices to meet my own.
the opportunity to reconsider european foreign policy is clear.
but i think people are focusing on the wrong question.
they felt like powerless minority shareholders.
domestic demand in the bric countries is even more impressive.
most people can live without one kidney.
but the reality is a bit more complicated.
this is not the only way forward.
it was impossible to form a government without its participation.
football was once a popular sport, rooted in local communities.
third, gas must become increasingly available.
they signal potential risks and enforce debt discipline on borrowers.
the rest is history.
but the impact on poor countries is far more severe.
i know this from personal experience.
for this, they deserve credit.
is the us losing latin america?
both parties therefore cater to their wishes.
no realistic solution exists for kosovo but independence.
something changes permanently.
two days later, premier zhu rongji denied the reports.
a vat/payroll-tax swap would do exactly the same thing.
she seems to disdain the european union.
but today’s young democracies have to do everything much faster.
the ecb must become a genuine central bank for europe.
kaczynski’s government suffered a heavy defeat.
there are no checks and balances on these powers.
neither is right.
and there is no reason to expect this to change.
currently, significant efforts are underway in several countries, including mexico.
they need to do at least three additional things.
she was right.
street protests to paralyze the government remain their sole weapon.
has the european union followed this recipe?
is it risky to break taboos?
winata's perjury case was resolved.
but the popular resentment of islam goes deeper and wider.
wolfensohn quit in frustration.
those companies go online to earn money.
we have already connected some of them by e-mail.
the battle for control of baghdad would be similarly severe.
india is one country that has shown such a commitment.
piñera ran on the promise of faster economic growth.
it also produces rather good wine.
much of the hard work remains ahead of us.
mortgage brokers were happy to get in on the act.
high job rotation makes it difficult to contribute regularly.
what, then, should be done?
yet many refuse to give up screening.
and it is reengineering transboundary river flows.
and how can we leave it behind?
why should they work for “them”?
challenges remain, of course.
this law is based on economic principles.
yet it is a mirage.
of course, one should not entertain too many illusions.
mandela’s example and generosity of spirit should be our guide.
european public opinion is increasingly introspective and sporadically protectionist.
trump’s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped him either.
russia’s economy is weaker, and its armaments are rusty.
we need not become too alarmed yet.
the world cannot afford to repeat that performance.
today, hundreds of international water agreements are coming under pressure.
forced into anonymity, he was also (mercifully) beyond public reach.
and so are schools, universities, and political parties.
the mounting instability will only exacerbate the problem.
nonetheless the challenges she faces are enormous.
in brazil, be cautious.
palestinians understand that without pressure little change will take place.
it sank like a stone.
that pattern is being repeated elsewhere.
this kind of enlightened stimulus runs into strong prejudices.
and we need to implement strategies for managing migration.
this low-tech product was revolutionary.
it need not be this way.
the heartbreaking story of my childhood friend, chrissie, is illustrative.
that is a remarkable achievement.
but a country needs only so much housing.
fortunately, the ecb proved robust.
madrid – syria is a blood-soaked shambles.
there is no doubting china's success in the internet economy.
but one can have too much press freedom.
and i haven’t even mentioned donald trump or brexit.
chinese officials still insist that they cannot control north korea.
a major one is economic.
workers’ rights are also a significant issue.
lithuania, latvia, and estonia implemented similar plans.
that is where companies like twitter come in.
wasn't germany's unification a matter of ``blood and iron''?
but things are beginning to change.
he is being driven past the berlin wall.
but at the moment, america’s commitment to innovation remains grounded.
this is where effective resolution procedures become important.
those days are gone.
they do this by searching their memory for examples.
the fourth lesson is that mudslinging is bound to happen.
all fun stuff.
there are two competing explanations for europe’s relative malaise.
for singapore’s founding father, education went beyond formal schooling.
after an attack, states consider immediate security measures.
but the outcome is typically otherwise.
moreover, they know how to work around inadequate infrastructure.
anthony appiah, craig calhoun, andrew hilland, robert shrum, diane c.
yu, and many others.
summits can be bilateral or multilateral.
european leaders must not succumb to this temptation.
will it work?
the experimental data is forthcoming.
the bundesbank is also tightening credit at home.
a similar discussion needs to take place in the us.
this simple principle should guide commission competition decisions.
third, we must intensify cross-border operations.
the brics, and developing countries generally, have immense infrastructure needs.
since then, china's financial media has become bolder.
and gorbachev, hearing of the young hungarian’s plans, was outraged.
millions more died.
many intellectuals disdain popular culture because of its crude commercialism.
in the subsequent five years, global trade shrank by two-thirds.
it is past time to take globalization's complexities seriously.
these trials, they point out, are expensive.
and cross-border conflicts are just the beginning.
“the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply,” she observed.
the great nineteenth- and early twentieth-century financiers, men like j.p.
it translates directly into political credibility.
nevertheless, he is telling the truth.
america could regain it under obama, but not under mccain.
it is high time to restore sanity to financial-market regulation.
this has become a familiar story.
jalili had not been a high-profile figure within the country.
and unemployment remains stubbornly high.
the eu’s asylum policy has broken down.
those ratios were only 35% and 43%, respectively, in china.
for india, last year is a year best forgotten.
privatization has stalled.
moreover, america went to war on false pretenses.
w: i'll give you a black eye plus .
moreover, a us recession would interact with other risks.
but it is not nearly enough.
instead, he is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
memories of the great depression are dying out.
this was us secretary of state dean acheson.
also, private companies compete.
only time will tell.
this is minor stuff.
the eu must not allow this opportunity to slip away.
a major obstacle is the high cost of transferring money.
we foresee three strategic priorities.
controlling the land, he also controls the vote.
they see america as part of the solution.
we need far more – and better – catastrophe bonds.
reforming them would take 10 years, she said.
as the dollar weakens, america looks even less safe.
of this sum, only about half is readily identifiable.
so the debate is pushed to the next conference.
now, she has the opportunity to follow through.
sometimes the two theaters seemed to merge.
the terrorists shot them anyway.
it is time to revitalize good leadership.
the reason can be expressed in one word: globalization.
rural areas’ progress so far reveals their future potential.
naftogaz also agreed to drop another lawsuit against gazprom.
that is why right-to-know laws are so important.
germany is the migrants’ most favored destination.
such space is certainly available in germany.
developing these attitudes is not easy.
but all countries cannot simultaneously run trade surpluses.
iran’s theocratic regime appears more confident than ever.
this must change.
the us is no longer in denial on the question.
first is the end of the cold war.
consider, for example, america in iraq.
consider the productivity debate.
nor is it a victory for ukraine.
changing that mindset is crucial.
chinese leaders are feted around the world.
humpty dumpty cannot be put together again.
a trade war would undoubtedly hurt both sides.
a second is immigration.
that is a laudable goal.
he understands the temptation of evil, the lure of forgetfulness.
beijing – the world caught a break in 2009.
for how could they?
paris – “when the facts change, i change my mind.
but it is almost certainly wrong yet again.
under jeremy corbyn’s leadership, labour is more euroskeptic.
but how long can the storm last?
this must change.
but things didn’t turn out that way.
and yet, anti-german discourse has not been completely eliminated.
give this child the face of a child you know.
china is currently investing almost half of its gdp.
yingluck has been banned from politics for five years.
but diverse national policies can achieve only so much.
a few were even promoted.
the first revolution must be institutional.
this should change.
it might or might not work today.
it is a market measured in the trillions of dollars.
this could be, and often was, highly counter-productive.
it seemed worth trying.
here again, the truth lies in the nuances.
after the kursk catastrophe, putin was asked what really happened.
but other cases were not so simple to navigate.
people herding animals.
can democracy defeat terrorism?
we must make sure it was not in vain.
severely paralyzed, close is confined to a wheelchair.
corporations alone cannot solve our most pressing global problems.
there are already some worrying signs of this.
these take the form of high-tech town hall meetings.
a war that leaves one side vanquished is never over.
these estimates have public-policy implications.
but their formulation is inconsistent.
this support should be conditioned on demonstrated progress.
this change can occur in many ways.
but the overall picture is amazingly good.
why not just say, "no thanks" people ask?
does the american body politic have a reverse gear?
for greece, fiscal adjustment is, of course, the key issue.
it is a source of untold opportunities.
there is plenty of blame to go around.
unfortunately, all has not gone well.
unfortunately for syrians, their suffering alone will not be enough.
but it isn't.
these numbers tell only part of the story.
fortunately, chelsea won.
we watched it happen on tv.
they often insult and slander out of sheer dislike.
it will require strong national and international governance.
over time, values shift as knowledge is acquired and disseminated.
it is estimated that 1.5 million people perished.
and they often are not purchased.
but how do we identify our enemies?
our use of antibiotics is a case in point.
but we should identify the right targets for criticism.
be content with the directional,” or some such words.
it didn’t last.
south koreans broadly support a strong relationship with the us.
crowdfunding or crowdphishing?
in iran, the figures were 82% and 78%, respectively.
indeed, obama herself was reportedly reluctant to accept petraeus’s resignation.
yet such projections could never entirely disguise a nagging anxiety.
it received only about half that amount.
sanusi’s supporters also credit him with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
next, the government promised to eliminate social-services waste.
structural unemployment will become inevitable.
israel is often mentioned as a reason.
what if, say, taiwan and china were to face off?
“i am very sorry,” she said to startled onlookers.
forests, farms, and coasts vary in size, type, and accessibility.
that is nonsense.
it proposed ratcheting up the sgp’s so-called excessive deficit procedure.
so, what does it mean?
but one is clearly less socially acceptable than the other.
that is the last thing the eurozone needs.
history, after all, is replete with “rise-and-fall” stories.
this may sound counter-intuitive.
this process will be an exercise in creativity.
these historically embedded norms and practices were only slowly superseded.
none of these challenges will be easy.
but this was no recipe for restoring stability and growth.
latin america has come a long way.
that critique was valid for socialist societies, too.
none of this was peculiar to tibet.
and that is not what has happened.
“pure capitalism” and “globalization” evoke horrific images.
waste in food production and distribution should be reduced.
now europe must deal with another difficult american named donald.
princeton – can humans really be motivated by altruism?
the results might include reparations and acknowledgements of perpetrators’ guilt.
initially, it did not condemn cow vigilantism.
in addition, infrastructure investment cannot be deferred forever.
others were helping him to set up tents.
japan, australia, germany, or canada might be just such powers.
it is to that positive partnership that russia should look.
whether it will work for him remains to be seen.
princeton – what role should referenda play in a democracy?
the us labor market works well.
but his maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
a new approach is needed.
so they elected one as president.
why should american jewish politicians be any different?
in 2008-2009, for example, nearly all other currencies crashed.
they reflect an inability to get results.
a variety of overt forms of discrimination were made illegal.
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit hers own powers.
inevitably, mistakes have been made.
this brings us to the present.
every calculation proved to be disastrously wrong.
someone has to guarantee that they are adequately collateralized.
keynes minimized the obstacles to his goal.
at first glance, it seems plausible.
as a result, germany’s political fringe is blossoming.
revolutions are always experiments, and they are always an adventure.
most aid was stolen or wasted.
without luck, a reactionary backlash ensues.
obama is unlikely to repeat the mistakes of the neo-cons.
why do you think we are in a crisis?
they are anonymous even to one another.
what drove this progress?
things are not quite so simple.
instead, world leaders adopted a long-term perspective.
latin america as a single entity is no more.
that reality implies another compelling case for divestment.
hence their impulse to believe in unseen forces.
dislocations are still being felt around the world.
but sarkozy has a point.
negotiations will be needed, with both sides sacrificing something.
this would have destabilized the economy.
what, then, is the danger of gm foods?
moreover, corruption payments should be added to official taxation.
a politician must, like it or not, be a mirror.
national supervisors always tend to minimize problems at home.
the democrats must recognize these problems, not downplay them.
for now, cuba is politically stable.
their blanket denials are no longer credible.
equally problematic is germany’s focus on maintaining a fiscal surplus.
not much has changed since then.
we constantly kidded each other about our differences.
right now, it exports offer the most promise.
too frequently, today’s perspectives remain shaped by yesterday’s facts.
until now, mbs has considered himself above the law.
this month, it agreed to even stricter limits.
and production workers’ wages rose 2.4%, faster than prices.
china’s economic problems are more structural than cyclical.
france is flat-lining (as is britain).
and trump will still be trump.
there is not much reason for optimism now.
zionism is a case in point.
the macroeconomic indicators are the best in decades.
left-wing pacifism tends to overlook this simple fact.
paradise has never seemed more fraught.
that is certainly something to celebrate.
thorstein veblen knew the answer.
poverty is our greatest shame.
iran’s less-is-more nuclear policy
the response was swift.
all this talk is essential and good.
modern economies rely not on monopolies, but on competition.
over the years, western aid came with a double standard.
but there is another key difference.
sometimes dating a recession is a judgment call.
we are convinced that a better society is possible.
but the economy’s overall architecture remains incomplete.
this is not a far-fetched risk.
that won’t happen through speeches, commentaries, and annual reports.
but will the future really be so bleak?
first, china poses a potential threat, whereas japan does not.
another example is energy distribution.
when in doubt, fire.
but coal is not the solution.
all labor markets need regulation.
europe’s approach has been more paternalistic, but similarly destructive.
asia does not do itself justice.
but there are deeper differences.
italy’s problems are manageable.
so will future generations.
there is a deep logic to this finding.
rather, the biggest hurdle has been popular resistance to vaccination.
china’s real motivation seems to be more far-sighted.
the page palestinelovesisrael – with banner headlines reading “enough!
here, land reform will be the most difficult issue.
europe’s largest economy, germany, is now going into the doldrums.
within a decade, world war ii had begun.
manufacturing growth notwithstanding, the us has experienced a jobless recovery.
he is not coming back.
several gene mutations account for 5-10% of cases.
unlike mexico, a serious fiscal problem exists in brazil.
they have involved huge financial risks for eurozone members.
but the problems with india’s new gst don’t end there.
kennedy, had kennedy not died from his wounds.
jokowi and sisi seem to have adopted this approach.
it is past time to move forward.
she may be right.
palestinians and israelis need to prepare for that day now.
the complacency of america’s political class has exacerbated these problems.
beside gazprom, the banking system is russia’s economic black hole.
on afghanistan, neither obama nor his predecessor, george w.
that is entirely understandable.
against this backdrop, even small compromises will be politically fraught.
obesity is responsible for about 5% of deaths worldwide.
so far, that feeling remains a ghost.
the operation's success was no accident.
makwetu had no interest in reconciliation.
currently, two dates are circulating widely, 1907 and 1931.
initially, the europeans underestimated the slowdown they confronted.
greece taught france a lesson.
no major candidate is advocating anything remotely resembling isolationism.
traditional philanthropies should revisit their mandates.
the challenge now is to turn pledges into action.
when we try to impose democracy, we tarnish it.
collective action works; we have proved that.
this should not be shocking.
europe’s leaders must imbue their citizens with renewed hope.
tb patients are generally powerless to demand the world’s attention.
but doing so deepened greece’s insolvency.
this exonerating hypothesis does not hold water.
everyone else is just a liaison officer.
but this is merely addresses the symptom, not the disease.
this is good news.
multilateralism remains the only way to manage these policy challenges.
the success of the swedish approach is not so surprising.
the returns on that investment have been remarkable.
that panic incited a widespread banking failure.
pakistan's nuclear establishment has essentially two divisions.
eurozone financial markets reacted in the expected way.
presidents barack obama and george w.
bush sought the same goal.
but that is just one side of the ledger.
the cost of drastic, short-term carbon cuts is too high.
-2.5
there is no point in crying about it.
can one international financial architecture fit all?
they reflect power asymmetries and political failures within societies.
this brinkmanship is no accident.
is there any hope?
they should now reconsider.
turkey is also engaging in strategic recalculations.
early movers are already shaking things up.
they knew the currency was overvalued.
macron’s rhetoric suggests that he wants to fight these symptoms.
but now we can see a more consistent trend developing.
a stimulus is a government-engineered boost to total spending.
the two problems are linked.
men must be heard when reporting assault.
each time, his performance was flat.
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
macron has committed to a similar culling.
no, but must they?
the new right wants to move forward by marching backwards.
like george w.
here is where a floating exchange rate comes in.
we must bring this downward spiral to a halt.
some are simply too poor to provide decent schools.
evaluating charities can be more difficult than making investment decisions.
about 200,000 young people enter the labor market every year.
but i am not complaining about this.
it was the beginning of the end.
italy is, to be sure, in dire straits.
unsettling america
but what a different everest this is!
each can tell us something different.
small and micro enterprises in farm and market towns collapsed.
it was merely a sad reckoning with reality.
incompetence during a political transition has a high price.
who is threatened by russia today?
unemployment among those aged 20-24 should be more troubling.
but thaksin wanted it all, and ended up with nothing.
but progress is nonetheless being made.
not just any government will do.
seattle – the world’s food supply is under threat.
i can't get excited about this division-of-labor issue.
fiscal integration is high on the five presidents’ agenda.
yet no law prohibits the practice.
favorable demographic realities are in the mind of policy makers.
a gentleman enters with a fashion magazine.
many africans will fall back into desperate poverty.
shkreli now spends many of hers days in court.
india intervened, stalling china’s building activity.
just ask raghuram rajan.
this may then set the tone for an agreement.
no wonder so many people have trouble making ends meet.
google appealed, and its investors shrugged.
beyond that, who knows?
the october revolution has always had many critics.
the six world powers are currently insisting on three things.
take, for example, the morality of war.
the focus must remain on poles and latvians, not syrians.
but the real question is which policies work best.
well, then, let’s do the math.
how can this be?
otherwise, the global growth equation may not add up.
she then underwent extensive rehabilitation, gradually regaining strength and confidence.
the managing director, mrs.
that meant a “lost decade” for latin america’s economies.
so far, at least, virtually nothing.
and china would be right to do so.
there is one notable exception: south africa.
that is not a recipe for a happy ending.
so what happens after the uk election?
mnuchin should let it pass.
we cannot turn a deaf ear to their laments.
correspondingly, civil rights should expand.
almost all other countries fall between these two extremes.
but they should pursue smart consolidation rather than unthinking austerity.
but this saber rattling backfired.
yes, i say.
other such examples abound.
do they really have nothing new to offer?
today, the warmongers are trying to scuttle the vienna accord.
but those effects will fade by late summer.
if such movements gain traction, they could reinforce each other.
the government has done little to remedy this.
consider the issue of government procurement.
the ppp-versus-market-exchange-rate issue is familiar to international economists.
moreover, bell’s perception of china’s meritocracy may be too optimistic.
trump is right to want out of syria.
a japanese flag was burned outside the foreign students’ dorm.
neves had a plan to address these shortcomings.
this is not a question that the ecj can decide.
timing counts for a lot in politics.
this generational change is accelerated by a third development.
but america’s recovery remains anemic by historical standards.
“last year,” she said, “a catastrophic storm hit bangladesh.
and this is a problem not only for the fed.
that bolsters hers strength in the russian setting.
hence, he could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
their best chance of weathering them is by acting together.
the ipcc faced down these vested interests.
the answer is a resounding no.
better yet, we still have other ways to strengthen incentives.
the us bond market agrees with me.
moreover, this surge in trade has created myriad well-paying jobs.
obviously, the next question is what to do about it.
this means, above all, that they set performance targets.
plan b would extend the maturity of greece’s debt.
france is dreaming and having fun.
by contrast, the terror index for western europe was 1.1.
an independent kosovo must be secured and its minorities protected.
fourth, imf shareholders need to review the organization’s internal governance.
france’s fight is britain’s fight and europe’s fight.
true, we have a long history of rebelling against elites.
sustainable visions
yet his intellectual influence remains.
broadband liberation
this inaction is understandable.
as for inflation, forecasts have consistently been confounded.
the same is true of services.
when the product is water, we all lose.
this sorry calculus is being carried out across the continent.
arbitrary detention and torture are widespread.
consensus is encouraged, but dissent is countenanced.
not even trump believes hers own act.
a sense of humility and skepticism is missing.
of course, many other groups gain.
but this is a political choice, not an economic reality.
consider two scenarios.
in the fifth act, investment will seize up.
it is an illusion, but a socially created illusion.
this is almost surely deliberate.
on the contrary, it deserves even stricter penalties.
consider each of those growth factors.
but 3.4% is hardly disastrous by historical standards.
and it is not just the climate that will suffer.
who’s she kidding?
these losses are tragic, but they are also avoidable.
childbirth can be risky.
by contrast, most of today’s emerging markets are deindustrializing prematurely.
the preeminent obstacle to peace is israel’s colonization of palestine.
here, the science is encouraging.
who, they will have to ask, lost thailand?
warmer temperatures will boost agricultural production and improve health.
this is the real business opportunity.
these deaths shatter families and communities.
or, more precisely, the contrast pits machiavelli against himself.
intensifying social dissatisfaction was met with rising levels of repression.
but this depends on how stockpiles are administered.
new leaders must also expect and manage setbacks.
but that seems unlikely to happen here.
political measures are also needed.
it is hard to understand this blunder.
no method had been proved to make a large-scale difference.
germany, britain, and japan all have similarly low long rates.
patterns from that seesawing past inevitably influence the present.
the majority of russia’s population will not become well-informed overnight.
is hothouse earth avoidable?
he predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc.
the need for reform in china is well documented.
surveys of consumer attitudes point to strong positive feelings.
europe needs action.
the cost of the gender gap
are they right?
china’s leaders will make their choices, as will german voters.
within two generations human literacy will be nearly universal.
meles had offered a simple explanation for hers government’s actions.
this is the very essence of international cooperation.
glass, for hers part, opposed deposit insurance.
the twitter hashtag #killallmoslems has been around since 2011.
it is a debate that is already mired in controversy.
there is something not quite right about this ad.
this is not only good for mothers.
this assertion does not withstand scrutiny.
this requires placing some sand in the wheels of globalization.
has financial innovation been discredited?
the myriad factors shaping turkey’s position make decision-making very difficult.
what do these two issues have in common?
the vietnam war and other conflicts were also financial catastrophes.
a border wall, however, is not in anyone’s interest.
“maybe i am a little optimistic,” cardin remarked in 2010.
the cost could be a staggering $10 trillion.
there is no doubt that they are a blunt instrument.
these factors are making firms hesitant about large-scale moves.
that, in turn, reduces oil exports, driving up prices further.
this prospect literally gives me the shivers.
kings and queens, on the whole, have not.
few europeans want to make that choice.
nothing was done to prevent it.
the uncertainty revolution still has not succeeded.
this brings us to the fourth tool: fiscal policy.
perhaps technology “experts” could code algorithms that burst such bubbles.
a generation has been lost.
the question is whether the eu will survive it.
there may, however, be more to erdoğan’s rapprochement with putin.
their pasts are different, and so are their prospects.
in country after country, extremist political parties are gaining ground.
you don’t have to read toqueville to know that.
and yet there are also grounds for optimism.
but democracy cannot be imposed by force.
a vacuum never survives for long.
find hard to control.
but sane people would rather avoid inflation.
wall street likes to test a new fed chairman.
political freedom and economic prosperity go hand in hand.
accelerating investment in housing is also vital.
governance by analogy can easily lead to muddled governance.
it is part of the human condition.
public debate about how to improve the system has commenced.
is a person’s weight hers or him own business?
national leagues are similar.
it is time to embrace them.
local public high school students.
i believe the time is right to do so.
even turkey may be willing to accept such an outcome.
this is evident across europe.
here causes for optimism are limited but real.
that is the road that the european union has chosen.
the same is true of the world wide web.
abandoning "convertibility," i.e.
in fact, republicans secured a broad victory.
marxism is a version of economic determinism.
trump and kaczynski have prepared quite a show.
the truth probably lies somewhere in between.
i have encountered many personal and professional difficulties.
no doubt, we live today in an extraordinarily unequal world.
fortunately, this is an area that plays to japan’s strengths.
all countries face, to different degrees, economic problems.
the imf is needed for several key purposes.
keynes was not averse to changing his mind.
nobel laureate economist joseph e.
the prd’s competitiveness is no accident.
but delivering them remains a challenge in some areas.
this applies also to the intervening powers' objectives.
it is time for new engagement.
a relentless bureaucratic brawler, bolton is not without accomplishments.
just how weakened america is in the region matters.
creating a more employment-intensive economy remains a primary objective.
there are two ways turkey's debt can go.
many people, perhaps even hundreds, contributed.
but, as history has shown, no third way exists.
but i would go further and add six more.
asia has experienced the historical continuity of great empires.
and there was remarkable consistency across countries.
summits for her are more engine than caboose.
the implications are clear.
this failure has many koreans scared.
the chinese private sector may have the biggest problem.
critics and naysayers must be eliminated.
disunity made the arab defeat almost inevitable.
international policy coordination requires a leader, a first mover.
the value of the currency is also relevant.
there is much room for improvement.
but britain is the worst affected.
gas stations installed ethanol pumps.
or was a more complex calculation in play?
some of the new policies seem exemplary.
like many latin american countries, ecuador is deeply polarized.
will collective punishment make them moderate, law-abiding helots?
such scenarios were unimaginable until only recently.
yet water is cheap.
they are an expression of frustration with the electoral process.
during the five weeks leading to the second-round vote, mr.
lagos ran an extraordinarily effective campaign.
second, perverse incentives led financial institutions to assume excessive risks.
since then, george w.
but not all investment is created equal.
would you be happier if you were richer?
all we need is to comprehend and embrace it.
no, the problems run deeper.
has the emerging-economy crisis cycle ended?
the eu has multilateralism in its dna.
the history of franco-german reconciliation is impressive indeed.
the strategy worked well.
in this environment, a cash scarcity is economically crippling.
today’s globalized world is far from perfect.
the basic adjuvant options are hormone treatments and chemotherapy.
that is how markets work.
finally, better finance should mean better corporate governance.
aceh province in indonesia was previously largely closed to outsiders.
brazil, like mexico, has opened its economy.
too often, biased assumptions guide policymaking.
but there are caveats.
but that has not happened – at least not yet.
for the uk, again the situation is different.
both have large and powerful social insurance systems.
but that doesn’t mean it hasn’t been attempted.
fortunately, china’s leaders seem intent on doing just that.
but the region looks very different through chinese eyes.
there is, however, a third meaning of "europe".
but there are stranger aspects to japan’s sluggish economy.
thus, south korea and the international community must respond firmly.
right-wing populists such as trump engage in identity politics.
these changes are shaping our future in a positive way.
france is now very bad at creating new jobs.
will newly elected president susilo continue to prosecute journalists?
consider the problem of accounting for quality improvements.
honni soit qui mal y pense!
more than 120 million children do not complete primary education.
paris – gibraltar received exciting news last month.
only the american alternative is viable.
to compare, the average american pays 15 cents.
and we need to act globally.
my friends’ comments raise a number of interesting moral issues.
clean piped water is a distant memory.
by the spring of 2014, ukraine was in limbo.
there is reason to worry about this.
consider the reforms undertaken since 2012.
at some point you are looking out the window, free-associating.
she had a strong hold over hers colleagues.
but how will china and mexico respond?
now we get to the hard part.
frustration cannot grow faster than opportunity in any country.
trump is clearly going for a record.
they had, as it were, only history on their side.
but there are major challenges ahead.
the packaging matters less than the results.
international support for our efforts is crucial.
the specter of rising racial tensions is worrying enough.
this approach was at the center of the marshall plan.
and this development has a clear geographic dimension.
massive industrial action forced the government to back down.
but it isn’t impossible.
in the end, the event was amazing.
it’s time we used it.
as a thesis adviser, rudi had few peers.
under the soviets, this stage lasted about 40 years.
the establishment of “security” while chaining my wrists.
consider the following beguiling example.
impeachment proceedings against rousseff will only complicate the situation further.
but then an unwelcome thing happened.
this brings into focus the second requirement of self-defense.
at the same time, the external environment is promising.
their own companies benefited greatly from slave labor.
this can be explained partly by antagonism against islam.
but, for now, volatility remains contained.
but the term is confusing.
the other element is thriving, prospering participants.
is citizenship a right?
darwin accepted the design-like nature of organisms and their parts.
these infections are known as the neglected tropical diseases (ntds).
businesses invest more, knowing that their workers will be productive.
great bankers of the past like j.p.
morgan built industries like rail and steel.
an expensive proposition, that.
these changes have also improved the environment.
finally, every successful team needs a strong manager.
where does zionism stand today?
paris delivered for the planet and for the poor.
buenos aires: what price justice?
but him words did little soothing.
but they remain in existence three decades later.
but their tolerance inevitably fades - and fast.
but france and germany have distinct interests.
america is strong, and the global economy is strong.
we are far from there yet.
send them all home.
a democratic egypt would certainly be a more reliable partner.
clearly, the eurozone’s muddle-through approach no longer works.
there are many reasons to be hopeful.
he must be opposed, not appeased.
but this scenario is neither relevant nor desirable.
consider, for example, policy toward the banking system.
on another, people and machines do the work together.
why are young italians so eager to leave?
it was up to trump, apparently, to “finish” it.
many farmers are suffering a long-standing crisis in farm incomes.
prabhakaran, not al qaeda, invented suicide bombing.
second, the global trading framework is itself in serious trouble.
still, it would be naive for poland to trust trump.
great britain, 24 (29); 4.
so why do the statistics tell a different story?
and so on.
when hayward said it, the condemnation was swift.
this view of cameron’s position is now difficult to sustain.
in china, the leadership transition has occurred smoothly.
but agreement is thinner than it appears.
the sed has made substantial progress in achieving these goals.
the path ahead will not be easy.
current strategies do not provide an adequate answer.
still, let us give miller the benefit of the doubt.
it is important that they act soon.
the need for root-and-branch reform was undeniable.
risks are normally mitigated through avoidance, hedging, insurance, and diversification.
nairobi – renewable energy triggers sharply polarized views.
kennedy knew better.
but a number of factors complicated negotiations.
the bush administration has been disastrously anti-scientific.
the culprits depend on the topic in question.
but many of the details of his strategy remain uncertain.
is traditional banking unbreakable?
so, again, who will those investors be?
“soft power” is an analytical term, not a political slogan.
it is experienced at both the individual and collective levels.
as long as the basic assumptions hold, the conclusions follow.
that holiday from serious politics may be over for good.
more than three hundred million indians have already been enrolled.
but that does not justify disregarding the evidence.
more people with more belongings live closer to harm’s way.
overwhelmingly, those who became and remained unemployed suffered the most.
our challenge is to set a new course.
so beliefs may even be self-perpetuating.
dozens were arrested.
we chose reform.
yet other billionaires have yet to make comparable donations.
unless we accept our responsibility, more “abbottabads” will surely follow.
this is foolish.
the lokpal will not be a panacea.
isis is a brutal sunni rebellion against shia rulers.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to him party.
interestingly, the eurozone’s debtors and creditors alike share this sentiment.
serbia’s application for accession is precisely such an opportunity.
that now appears to be changing, but only grudgingly.
two conditions marked russia’s oligarchs for persecution.
but israel didn’t get the memo.
so much has changed.
then he will die.
but gene therapy has run up against a brick wall.
second, some financial vulnerabilities are embedded in the economy.
dera members are overwhelmingly sikhs.
if only it were that simple.
patriotism may be out, but alarmism is still in.
meanwhile, anti-migrant sentiment in hostess countries is reaching fever pitch.
this is not the saudi-us alliance’s finest hour.
but this does not come without costs.
is russia part of the west?
he may even succeed.
the anchor was there from the beginning.
the state’s role in arab economies must improve, not diminish.
water has emerged as a new divide in sino-indian relations.
it is consumers, not producers, who are king.
the new year is looking grim.
but the us has dismissed the plan as unworkable.
china’s situation is certainly serious.
germany is facing a key wage negotiation with public-sector unions.
to bring about change, researchers themselves must embrace data sharing.
karadžić would still be flogging love potions in belgrade.
finally, there is the chaos scenario.
germans refer to this solution as a schuldenbremse (debt brake).
what is wrong?
banks incurring balance-sheet damage will have to be recapitalized.
organization also changed.
despite its economic slowdown, japan retains impressive power resources.
so is she on the way out?
the recent events threaten this historic transformation.
today, near-customization is rapidly becoming the norm.
this may sound like an impossible alliance.
but no one really qualifies at the moment.
but they don’t go all the way.
in addition to membership, several other issues remain.
the mediterranean reborn
these arguments are easily rebutted.
it is an upward spiral.
for everyone else, no translation is needed.
they face job insecurity throughout their lives.
the elephant’s choices
again, one of many examples will suffice.
consider four examples.
consider the imf.
so why is it important?
but iran is not iraq or syria.
in a 2015 working paper, the economists scott r.
baker, nicholas bloom, and steven j.
most prefer the second option.
can this work?
consider these examples:
hers tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
stanford – obtaining medicines from plants is not new.
facts, not perceptions, should guide policymaking where multinationals are concerned.
other countries have been more successful due to fortunate circumstances.
they have no intention of parting with it.
trump herself may yet challenge china.
the solution must include a new institution.
the trend continued in 2017.
that view is entirely wrong.
academic research points to all three.
in fact, combining both methods is the most sensible alternative.
that is not going to change.
the us has rediscovered asia.
and yet krill fishing is projected to grow.
that is what it takes.
building a nation demands more than steel and concrete.
it includes a charter of fundamental rights.
there are two key features of this carry trade.
then there are those who donate to charity.
this old rule applies to both old and new economies.
but how will sarajevo look in five years?
but we must start doing so immediately.
this scattered approach prevents policies from being compared.
the sudan is the biggest country in africa.
no effort should be spared in reinforcing nato.
otherwise, she argued, the country’s economic gains would be lost.
history will bear this out.
increasingly, pillars of the establishment are sounding like shrill critics.
that they were wrong is all that matters.
democracy is not in retreat.
both are threatened by islamic extremism and growing unrest.
the time has come to pay for these mistakes.
putin’s worldview, however, is far from unique in russia.
venezuela ’s circle of friends in the region is shrinking.
but hubris rapidly set in, and parochial interests took over.
one reform that demands priority today concerns high school science.
this is an extraordinarily ahistorical claim.
how do you feel?
the global economy is at a critical juncture.
local officials are often considered heroes, not oppressors.
for years, ukraine sought a closer relationship with the eu.
without severe crisis, no significant reform was likely.
the court could agree.
lee was the pioneer of capitalism with an iron fist.
good reasons to delay exist.
whoever wins, the results will echo across latin america.
is sadness a disease?
yet we are far from being in the clear.
the anti-morsi forces are sharply divided ideologically and politically.
the eu already has more than 30.
presidents george h.w.
bush and george w.
the company’s response was to redirect the blame.
this wave is by far the most dangerous.
my proposal fell on deaf ears.
ultimately, power remains the ability to coerce.
clearly, there would have been risks.
this surge in business spending boosted overall demand.
globalization has been good to many in the developing world.
but can the ttip live up to the hype?
to be sure, europe has the means for joint action.
a more plausible explanation is that putin herself is conflicted.
it was a direct result of un member states’ decision-making.
the hdp is currently polling at around 10%.
begin in rwanda.
nationalist sentiment is also increasing.
all legislation is passed by a simple majority.
some of them starve to death.
to the learned and eloquent.
but was money yunus’s ultimate motive?
but he is unlikely to be chastened.
one thing is clear.
limited pension reform has been passed.
when america went to war, there was a deficit.
there is some logic to this argument.
now he has to figure out how one governs it.
only five or six hands went up.
of course, globalization continued through the 1970s and beyond.
then he starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition.
bankruptcies remain rare.
the climate is changing, and more is yet to come.
european banks are challenged.
this transformation is no coincidence.
an excellent analysis of them by surgical oncologist david h.
gorski, m.d., ph.d.
history has taught us that such transformational processes take time.
and with good reason.
and the trend continued.
and yet something is changing, even in hidebound japan.
it seems that the american writer and journalist p.j.
the strategic context of the iraq insurgency is also new.
no wonder they proved way more resilient in the crisis.
last but not least, people should be empowered.
hispaniola was christopher columbus’s first stop in the new world.
mauritania relinquished its claim in 1979, but morocco never left.
travel restrictions and continued settlement activity must end.
now, may is attempting to form a minority government.
both administrations have pursued some pragmatic policies.
children are not biologically equivalent to begin with.
or consider capital accumulation.
and, anyway, she won the planned election the following year.
territorial disputes have exacerbated these tensions significantly.
he was at the helm and acted decisively and responsibly.
the us also needs more accessible mental-health services.
please hold on tight to this rope.
then there are those – the techno-worriers?
we have considerable experience of this in the middle east.
fears of a default abound.
moreover, republicans want their tax cuts to be permanent.
that concealment, however, is designed to preserve this beauty forever.
but the current frenzied focus is marked by considerable amnesia.
the us is fighting the wrong war.
the ethos of active citizenship applies in every sphere.
as mark twain famously observed, “history doesn’t repeat itself.
but others supported yu jie's critique.
but that time is past.
instead, it has become a national growth-strategy issue.
if the results are positive, treatment begins.
but, globally, our innovation system needs much bigger changes.
bush, bill clinton, and george w.
bush as a living former president.
but, without compromise, a democracy becomes ungovernable.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate him seriousness.
so the truth is out and freely available.
only china will decide that.
fragmentation also affects societies internally.
under the gold standard, discipline was automatic.
the decision to invest and boost productivity was correctly deferred.
only the us and canada voted against.
this simply will not be possible.
national banking systems need a lender of last resort.
a new deal for europe could be equally promising.
not so this time.
our help had to be targeted.
pilots are usually granted immunity from prosecution.
because treatment is very expensive, coverage rates remain woefully inadequate.
rural areas and industrial cities might explode in massive riots.
this should not be surprising.
conflicts rage on, seemingly unaffected by upholders of world order.
the taboo against criticizing putin is already powerless.
without requiring the recipients to make friendly gestures to israel?
and there is plenty more to come.
the obligation of prior registration of religious communities is discriminatory.
for example, new factories and mines require land.
our interests are in fact hostage to our ideas.
they cannot take preventive measures.
moscow – russia’s economic prospects are looking increasingly grim.
fourteen renminbi-clearing banks have been established worldwide.
what a peculiar meeting it was.
how wrong they were.
but these early red flags went unheeded.
this is the case, for example, in brazil and turkey.
recognizing this imperative is the first step.
they also reduce the burden of debts.
springtime for nationalism?
many things may change in the meantime.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as he should.
the world cannot afford to lose the fight against amr.
macron owes his presidency to the latter.
hemoglobin concentrations increased in both of these groups.
france voted to change course three years ago.
african leaders had no say in any of the negotiations.
this approach was understandable, but it proved ineffective.
is the world really willing to accept such an absurdity?
mortgage debts, too, must be written down.
to be sure, implementing such reforms will not be easy.
likewise, us administrations have remained wedded to the bomb.
clinical evidence indicates that stigma takes two forms.
divorce is not an option these days.
israel’s 2009 election is similar in many ways.
this situation is morally reprehensible, socially self-defeating, and economically foolish.
do children cause global warming?
the kremlin supposedly would not have opposed the deal.
the us-china trade imbalance stems from structural flaws.
but will this solve the problem that he poses?
the actual figure is probably higher.
that is what worked in other countries in similar circumstances.
london – i feel a little sorry for president bush.
to give that amount requires no moral heroics.
indian governments act today for fear of electoral retribution tomorrow.
this left only the third option.
fostering arab entrepreneurship
he was as good as his word.
the uk government signed an agreement with france at st.
the single market is far from complete.
but a new book by stuart e.
in these circumstances, macroeconomic stability will remain elusive.
now, all this may be so.
china’s transformation has been underpinned by an unprecedented manufacturing boom.
considerable evidence exists for harmful effects of trans fat intake.
but the scientists’ argument was sobering, and demands attention.
on my recent visit, i met mrs.
theresa may is only the second male british prime minister.
self-expression is as important as free expression.
but it is not only sudanese who stand to benefit.
that is why france recently received an algerian ex-detainee.
but the threat also comes from within.
legal proceedings have been opened against opposition parties.
everyone else is relieved.
managing aggregate demand is governments’ job.
greenspan to raise interest rates and stop america's long-running party.
godec, in cables released last month by wikileaks.
critics warn of a slippery slope.
gore’s democrats prefer more traditional public management and control.
to be sure, this eventuality is being hotly debated.
all fine and noble sentiments.
low-hanging fruit – consumption.
argentina is stuck in a time warp.
fortunately, this state of affairs is not set in stone.
north korea probably exploded a nuclear bomb on that day.
another area of sino-american convergence concerns the multilateral system.
unfortunately, policy backsliding is jeopardizing this historic “graduation” from pro-cyclicality.
these economies will benefit from increased monetary-policy agency and flexibility.
but is greater transparency always good?
thus, we are interested in a strong and independent europe.
of course, currency appreciation should not be prevented altogether.
by all of these measures, india has made extraordinary strides.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in his eyes.
huntington's other example also fail to support hers thesis.
the telegraph disrupted the postal service.
some physicists invented a clever workaround.
but the effectiveness of such an approach is limited.
when that happens, the world had better brace itself.
it is superficially about health care and taxes.
consider executive pay packages.
few developing countries had family planning programs.
to prescribe a cure, one must first diagnose the illness.
like his predecessors, george w.
london – george w.
bush has started work on hers memoirs.
the tin man vs.
the straw man.
most israelis would strongly object to this interpretation.
everywhere you look peasants have almost disappeared.
that task seemed overwhelming.
but better and more hopeful?
perhaps trump is that shock.
that is the good news.
the obvious question is why.
in many cases, the process will not be pretty.
but overall progress has been slow.
as economists are prone to say, it depends.
true, the digital economy holds great promise.
both projects are audacious.
if they vote yes, she is re-empowered.
the financial crisis hit fragile public budgets with full force.
japan’s prime minister is playing a risky game.
johnson is unlikely to repeat may’s error.
a type ii error involves stopping innocent foreigners.
his famous “base” is well under 40% of the public.
in a sense, this was a positive development.
and the deep freeze in crisis-ravaged markets thawed.
adaptive systems struggle with order and creativity as they evolve.
instead, each eu member state opted to fend for itself.
any claim like that will inevitably attract attention.
but these companies remain in the minority.
it moves in the sphere of the sacred.
it will not be easy, but it is not impossible.
what this double reconfiguration entails is reasonably clear.
the us is hardly alone.
today, however, the west and asia remain mutually dependent.
several possibilities – not mutually exclusive – come to mind.
from the “irish brotherhood” that brought john f.
may his well-deserved rest be peaceful.
this represents a huge opportunity for africa���s manufacturers.
first, greek debt reduction was postponed for too long.
the study cannot measure this increase.
steinbrück delivered hers answer in the bundestag in march 2009.
america’s new progressive era?
brussels – technology, the saying goes, is a double-edged sword.
darfur needs a water strategy more than a military strategy.
other new provisions will also hurt the us economy.
this history lesson is important for understanding putin's presidency.
nonetheless, many claim that barnier’s proposal goes too far.
vested interests distort the process of evolution.
when hoyle turned to biology, she went astray.
this situation, however, is changing.
france is also burdened by strongly held ideological convictions.
is the press too free?
cameron’s remarks were deeply resented in pakistan.
there was little mention, if any, of imperialism’s benefits.
messaging from financial markets increasingly influences the fed’s decision-making.
within russia, breaking down putin’s façade will be more difficult.
in both cases, some questions do arise at the margin.
south korea now needs to take a stronger approach.
calls for a more diversified investment strategy intensified.
desmond tutu is a nobel peace prize laureate.
germany is important but not dominant.
but something very different emerged in asia in 2011.
yet stability was achieved.
healthy old people may not wish to leave productive work.
the question is why.
i sensed this arriving in bucharest on december 26.
but only well-crafted regulations can fix it.
only goods may pass this barrier without controls.
but one highly significant decision has now effectively been made.
consider publicly-funded scientific research.
but could that really be the exit taken by trump?
but that is a misreading of what happened.
the un was only the tour operator in copenhagen.
waltz was wrong in two ways.
looking backward will get the international community nowhere.
but throwing money at the problem is no panacea.
legislatures are under pressure to relax these constraints.
education has played a big part in healing europe's divisions.
but the rules are not enforced.
this has major implications for trade defense.
but this assumption is deeply flawed.
that has been imf strategy.
but why bother to continue trying?
bush’s judicial legacy.
much of the automobile industry is bust.
so america and europe must help her reach this conclusion.
this includes emad abdel ghafour, the head of al-nour party.
banks also need to raise capital.
the public could not disagree with him more.
a third issue is climate change.
but they are unlikely to derail hers government.
the preoccupation of the un founders was with state security.
not the global financial crisis, important as it is.
no one really knows.
here is where the rest of the world comes in.
american internationalism will be back at some point.
where has the oil wealth gone?
the new lifestyle is no longer sustainable.
but will they also prevent her from succeeding?
most important, this is true not just for greece.
sadly, “eventually” is the key word.
but she will not achieve it.
the same is true in the us.
greece and italy are simply waving the refugees on.
it is a matter of both equity and efficiency.
public accountability, government transparency, and official integrity remain largely slogans.
one determinant of a technology’s “diffusability” is its knowhow intensity.
but, as usual, pride precedes a fall.
otherwise, the euro will break down.
she has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
on the contrary, 9/11 has not been replicated.
poland would not be in nato or the european union.
by all accounts, brennan has done nothing of the sort.
there is, instead, a tumult of debate, discussion, and dissension.
all of this costs money.
turning to the uk, two issues beyond brexit deserve attention.
the third constraint stems from the 2008 financial crisis.
so what is the game plan now?
from a short-term perspective, noyer’s position is largely correct.
it is an intimate part of their family stories.
the remaining eight will require an average of 26 years.
some liberalizing reform was long overdue in those countries.
richard von weizsäcker was president of germany.
some of the response has been coldly coercive.
second, the liberals’ priorities were misplaced.
the neo-liberal push for deregulation served some interests well.
the data have already yielded important insights.
soon, tens of thousands of koreans joined the protests.
his last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
water flows on the surface and underground.
i think not.
however, aquaculture refers to two fundamentally different kinds of operations.
time is of the essence.
but fiscal stimulus merely aggravated the problem.
where will the new troops that are needed come from?
most people are creatures of habit; they crave predictability.
we are the moral continent.
true, not every degree is a passport to a job.
asia must not make the same mistake.
during george w.
conditions are cramped and unhygienic.
but she can’t.
louis xvi was contemptuously called “le boulanger,” the baker.
here, too, the innovation platform is helping.
the most famous example came in 1917.
in fact, it is too costly to ignore.
political freedom is good for business, and vice versa.
the question now is how the international community should respond.
sadly, not everything that is noble is smart and effective.
a new generation of leadership seems poised to take over.
prostitution is a classic example.
this led to many ideas that proved to be powerful.
trump thought this was a splendid idea.
pelosi clearly flummoxes trump.
nanny never married; never had children of her own.
but a more cooperative atmosphere might well be needed.
since 1945, internationalists have had the upper hand.
these complementarities hold great potential for both sides.
in the 1930’s, such “beggar-thy-neighbor” policies worsened the situation.
this is also not true.
climate records continue to be broken worldwide.
but, at home, opposition to her refugee policy gathered momentum.
the economists are the idiots savants of our time.
prices shoot up and they deem themselves brilliant.
the latest deal promises up to another €86 billion.
and what of today?
my intention isn’t to scare people away from organic food.
we are not quite there, but we are getting there.
missile defense can be part of that positive trend.
in deciding juliana v.
borrowers and savers are naturally grouped by age.
she also got what she wanted.
and too many policymakers are deferring to them.
to hear more, subscribe, rate, and review.
not trusting official over-reassurances, we become even more alarmed.
mcmaster as national security adviser.
consider a couple of notorious examples.
euroskepticism represents everything the eurocrats dislike.
so the real question is, what drives wages?
fortunately, britain has always been an outsider.
governments did not have to cede these powers.
on sri lanka’s beachfront battlefields, china’s “peaceful rise” was completed.
firms must adjust instantaneously or perish in the process.
clearly, the nuclear door is being reopened.
dual labor markets are a problem throughout the eu.
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but he didn’t.
but such military planning requires pinpoint judgments on both sides.
climate change is real, and it is a problem.
thus, dealing with climate change is not an anti-growth agenda.
him challenge dwarfs those faced by him recent predecessors.
on health goals, however, we are not even close.
we are doing our part in terms of burden-sharing.
nonetheless, germany’s reluctance to lead remains a big problem.
aid works; it saves lives.
young people seem to agree.
surprisingly, the answer is no.
but not all countries have made progress.
that would be a bad outcome for everyone.
we must not be hostages to our extremists.
how does she do it?
living organisms are always composite.
this was in line with the oecd average.
but there are also deeper reasons for their anger.
and he is already being proved right.
“too many of us think it is impossible.
obviously, all of this calls for a lot more investigation.
but putin the performer cannot abide a bad review.
we are not interested in the illusion of partnership.
it is outright us hostility.
that is no cause for celebration.
this process must not be delayed by lack of perspective.
as to romania, eu-members are divided.
who will grant him asylum?
all three great empires met their demise after the war.
so, why doesn’t this happen routinely in developing countries?
until around 1980, these institutions were clearly world-class.
achieving that goal would mean more than 350,000 lives saved.
not current economics.
major economic transformations typically produce far-reaching change.
but these are not normal times.
in treating pneumonia, access to antibiotics is essential.
one final word.
moreover, iran’s leadership is fragmented and weak.
in any case, there will be little room for error.
but headlines can be misleading.
national identities remain stronger than a common european identity.
the united states is very different in this respect.
nevertheless, hezbollah faces severe political trouble, too.
reform of the army was put off.
france, and europe, should choose the lesser evil.
but turkey and azerbaijan are wrong.
the us has come full circle.
the window for action is quickly closing.
still, greece’s debt burden is unsustainable.
but qe’s opponents should consider the alternative.
expectations are high – perhaps too high at times.
the western democracies will survive with only modest changes.
how can it progress if, as the noted author m.j.
some of hers positions are untenable.
employment of prime-age males should be rising, not falling.
not surprisingly, shantytowns quickly developed.
that orthodoxy failed.
age against the machine
is gold a good hedge?
when police attacked with tear gas, pieds noirs opened fire.
paris – it’s theater season in the european union.
but, alongside substantive changes, there is considerable uncertainty and hyperbole.
at present that promise is severely in question.
japan must remain their hope.
parliamentary representation for men has also taken a hit.
in addition, different standards and certification requirements are applied.
to some extent, this was understandable.
on one side is concern about another downturn and deflation.
yet there are other measures that should be pursued now.
she was wrong.
the first change is economic.
last year, portugal was devastated.
have these funds been used as effectively as possible?
nothing came of that visit.
for example, in the 1964 presidential election, lyndon b.
she is tall, handsome, and smart.
might is not necessarily right.
that alone can be useful.
the reality is more complex.
putin’s regime is openly tsarist.
but there are also significant differences.
but that wasn’t kris, fleeing some kind of sad life.
america’s tax system has surprisingly little redistributional punch.
the results might be more complicated than anyone wishes.
the danes are no more anti-european than anyone else.
the pboc, she argued, does not pursue a single target.
all this is now bound to change.
some countries are already stepping up to the challenge.
which supranational agency will be in charge of issuing eurobonds?
the ensuing quarter-century was a period of liberal rules-based multilateralism.
moreover, effective courts must be politically independent.
the situation demands the secretary-general’s direct involvement.
nonetheless, there is reason for optimism.
the first is by destabilizing its financial institutions.
they are waiting to be heard.
myth 2: energy-efficient buildings are uncomfortable.
yes, we have done some things to improve financial markets.
the impact on europe has been no less disappointing.
new delhi – public discourse is rarely nuanced.
such sacrifices, however, would be well worthwhile.
we all should be, too.
is russia a trustworthy partner in these areas?
this tax helped discourage companies from hiring additional workers.
lawmakers complain they weren’t consulted.
second, financial globalization has been greatly oversold.
the question was, which political community would support the euro?
i half-agree with this view.
the “action” officer was secretary of state dean rusk.
when is a free-trade agreement bad?
consider that in may 1961, president john f.
now these have gradually shrunk to nothing.
why is my reasoning dismissed out of hand?
scared of its potential power, they despise private business.
but i doubt we should worry too much.
and that’s not the worst of it.
sometimes the victims die.
africa has addressed complex and far-reaching problems before.
the first is that biology is complicated.
this would be good for croatia.
what should such a declaration include?
greece does need radical structural reform.
the government’s options are limited.
currently, the most severe problem confronting chinese authorities is overcapacity.
two of these deserve to be mentioned.
the us and global economy will recover, to be sure.
but eu influence over chinese revaluation has been zero.
buchanan considered such analysis romantic.
disability benefits and eligibility tests were also dramatically changed.
in fact, the wbg has never had a male president.
europe is in crisis.
now, however, south korea must learn from japan’s negative experiences.
again, sovereignty entails obligations as well as rights.
west coast cities are among the hardest hit.
we’ve seen this sequence before.
this is easy to explain.
trust has been decimated.
this will prove to be a grave mistake.
consider international institutions.
those who fret about population growth have the better argument.
this perversity is not without reason.
“he is not in moscow,” the man replied.
why, they ask, should we show compassion to him?
every type of business now depends on the digital economy.
john mccain was perhaps the last of those mohicans.
“this is where they beat the salafis.
otherwise, a country’s economic and political stability may be threatened.
others assert that the world was created 2,000 years ago.
she should trigger omt before it is too late.
today, saleh’s support among hers top generals is dwindling.
prejudice must make way for empathy, and alienation for respect.
but the recent discoveries cannot be ignored.
this silence gives a hideous signal.
as a result, relations among regional actors remain tense.
she also created enemies (and even faced death threats).
on the fiscal side, however, nothing happened.
rather, sidewalks are close relatives of parks and plazas.
today, going to work decreases the chance of divorce.
but this abundance is under threat.
that is typical wishful thinking among politicians.
new york – the euro may be approaching another crisis.
baker did so.
moreover, they rarely die.
the biofuel lesson is salutary.
but it is unclear whether either approach is politically viable.
the new state finally acquired a degree of strategic depth.
britain was never as dominant as the us is today.
so we have largely stood still, in trade jargon.
all aspects of her legacy are earnestly disputed.
this widens the gap, leading to an eventual reversal.
as with grexit, time has worked in the eu’s favor.
that is hers first problem.
but americans aren’t buying it; nor are poles.
but military containment is only a partial solution.
but it is simply too late.
but dramatic is not the same as alarming.
that is the essence of democracy.
encouraged by her mother, ms.
watanabe set her sights on new shores.
a little bit of history might help.
but famines are triggered by more than the weather.
what advantage might such awareness bring?
retrospective justifications of inaction rarely sound credible.
despite talk of european citizenship, politics remain obstinately national.
this is what happened in continental europe.
how, then, should the eu engage with china?
for about two decades, deng’s survival strategy was wildly successful.
but the trend will not be stopped.
again, maintaining realistic expectations must be paramount.
will he have the strategic vision to do so?
today’s populists are different.
faster growth is crucial to reducing poverty.
what they need is support and encouragement.
similar frictions are arising with chile.
but americans do not view democratic india as a threat.
this is a liberating, as well as a humbling, prospect.
so why is the world so ungrateful?
the chinese also want respect.
yet there has been near-silence on this choice.
arguably, this should be among obama’s top priorities.
india appeared mired in stagnation.
but, unlike most dreams, this one is achievable.
all measures touching on reform of the state were removed.
but the us has given nasser no answers.
the end of the korean miracle?
japanese in search of a miracle now travel to seoul.
cancer affects many different organs and tissues in the body.
what do they have to do with each other?
why support the tpp?
economics is not immune from this dynamic.
cambridge – president george w.
the approach to north korea is similar.
but these parties do not reject the eu.
today, a growing number of mexicans shares this view.
compostable plastics also needto be composted.
from putin’s perspective, russia’s focus on ukraine makes sense.
the ugandan government has responded with extraordinary generosity.
even before the election, thaksin sought control of the media.
then-president george w.
but the islamists’ call for nationwide protests flopped.
the same thing is happening in south sudan.
from this hard choice arises another dilemma.
tackling the problem will require innovative approaches.
a deep-rooted french pessimism only reinforces their anxiety.
to the shores of leman they must now head.
the french revolution happened more than two centuries ago.
russia’s politics are equally dispiriting.
the risks are only growing.
but it is only part of the truth.
we must fight the impulse to obfuscate, deny, or forget.
there are, of course, important, successful government programs.
very likely, reality will outrun apprehension.
so a fundamental strategic struggle is now a given.
differences in competition and scale.
we know what must be done.
and here the report points in both directions at once.
president vladimir putin remains a fairly effective international communicator.
he delivered a pointed rebuke of “america first” unilateralism.
the legal system has an important role here.
so far, that has not happened.
that is nothing new.
dying is bad, however one is killed.
political sensitivities run especially high in asia.
people simply had to learn to be tolerant.
resentment of the wealthy and powerful is hardly new.
there have been few such tragic moments in football history.
fortunately, she has no chance of controlling the national government.
the range is vast.
but it is a mistake to confuse primacy with empire.
but both of these outcomes can be avoided.
but in one area, putin’s regime remains an innovator: corruption.
for the inflation-targeting purists, the argument seems impeccable.
sorous does not abandon the values of islam.
what specific goals should the cio pursue?
now i worry that they are terribly inefficient.
and oil prices are not russia’s only problem.
meles was certainly both.
the tall, good-looking officer was among nicolae ceausescu’s closest aides.
no new applications will be accepted.
the problems with such arguments are many.
such regimes rarely perish from external shocks or оррosition pressure.
the situation across africa is no better.
it may indeed be part of the explanation.
reducing farmers’ dependence on rainfall is essential.
the current crisis killed off this optimistic scenario.
but what constitutes genocide?
this change of perception has statistical support.
many voters are following suit, drawn mainly to enríquez-ominami.
the speaker’s position goes back much further even than 1604.
this is pure fantasy.
bismarck would know who is at fault.
true, china’s political economy is unusual.
but change is afoot.
the end of the trump administration?
but this tends to favor the populists already in power.
is there a message?
russia's position is also likely to harden as well.
another impediment to cooperation is geopolitical.
merkel is a safe pair of hands.
and it is a big one.
the net-zero imperative
c: not cool.
and those systems are under unprecedented pressure.
that idea is foolish economically and strategically.
one could easily add more such examples.
hers relations with congress have been far from smooth.
but globalization has gradually changed the realities on the ground.
but evidence generated by cbas should always be contested.
what, then, are the pboc’s options?
they pursue their affairs and let those in power govern.
will europe’s sinners save themselves?
possessing the people will give him the territory.
surprisingly (to me, at least), markets have reacted stoically.
as a result, policy disputes can become criminal.
domestic strife is the last thing the crown prince needs.
after many years of outperformance, gdp growth has slowed sharply.
santiago – social democratic parties around the world are struggling.
blair isn’t the first stateswoman to try helping the palestinians.
fake elections are rapidly become the norm.
likewise, zillow collects and publishes real-estate information.
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
can the imf avert a global meltdown?
this watered-down gradualism has become hers trademark.
rote learning replaced critical thinking, undermining creativity.
unquiet but free of nostalgia.
almost all players were local boys.
but at what cost?
strengthening the political-security community is equally essential.
but trump has warned europe repeatedly not to get greedy.
like xi, she had to struggle to reach the top.
no amount of un reform could make things fundamentally different.
still, one cannot help but notice similarities with the 1930’s.
meanwhile, alawite rule has not benefited all alawites.
kim has already outdone his forebears.
but such innovation will take time.
in a context of experimentation, such unintended consequences are understandable.
specifically:
domestic resources and diaspora remittances are increasingly funding development.
but india’s government has few good options.
although the worst was avoided, much pain remains.
when drought returned this year, these investments paid off.
suddenly, this didn’t seem quite right.
but this is not what sparked holland’s dramatic employment gains.
the modi government does not fit that description.
so it must be addressed head on.
the threat posed by competitive monetary easing matters to everyone.
afghanistan was a country where muslims were killing each other.
the japanese students received death threats.
but this stance helps no one.
inflation was caused by price gouging by unscrupulous businessmen.
two questions arise.
once installed, operating costs are very low.
americans have been through this type of debate before.
since then, they have diminished by 20%.
now fast-forward to today.
one country’s gain is another’s loss.
is it time to apply and enforce a no-fly zone?
today, the stability pact appears frayed.
the implications of such a shift are far-reaching.
this will perpetuate the division between creditor and debtor countries.
none of these american exits was without consequence.
the housing market is finally recovering.
according to mr.
rousseff has little time to waste.
ukraine could not have come this far on its own.
zimbabwe is constrained by poor governance.
but the gold standard also had its costs.
worse, skinner’s full remarks were freighted with racial overtones.
but not proceeding would also have been a disaster.
and many lower-growth countries could head down a similar path.
ideologically, many people are simply suspicious of expansive government.
moreover, describing chinese private entrepreneurs as a "plutocracy" is grotesque.
nevertheless, the conservatives seemed the more normal party of government.
ideas matter, as much or perhaps even more than self-interest.
so do other asian economies.
what should such an arrangement look like?
disappointingly, no new treatments have yet arisen.
hundreds of thousands of others have suffered unnecessarily.
but technological innovation alone is unlikely to be sufficient.
there are many who acknowledge this and want to change.
everything else is left to patriarchal discretion.
but, either way, all countercyclical macroprudential instruments involve regulatory regimes.
that prospect holds both great opportunity and serious risks.
but that rule is rightly recognized as being potentially dysfunctional.
the choice appalls voters.
to be sure, much progress has been made.
and there is no need to surrender.
as for what lies ahead, three immediate approaches have emerged.
the threat could best be eliminated by war.
president george w.
change will not be easy.
that tendency remains dominant.
it was just a bubble, we learned.
instead of sending help, they send study groups.
we see this in widespread resistance to acceptance of immigration.
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w.
the ethical case for ubi is different.
this is pie in the sky.
social unrest, huge devaluations, and populist protests loomed.
in russia, the oligarchs are accountable to putin.
ten days later, the ipcc report reignited the debate.
the current embrace of protectionism threatens to reverse this progress.
but there is another factor at work.
i am keen to understand what she meant.
people immediately above felt neglected and squeezed.
furthermore, the situation in the gulf of mexico is worsening.
has she been a woman of peace?
bush has hers own frustrations.
revaluation of the chinese yuan would also help.
throwing money at poverty became a panacea.
as little as $0.10 per person.
but that would not be the story in europe.
they may induce wasteful investment and a loss in innovation.
as long as this is true, integration cannot succeed.
setting the rules will take time.
the stakes of not knowing are very high.
in that case, it will go to lagarde.
recite a passage from the koran, they ordered.
gerhard schroeder is providing disastrous leadership for germany.
somehow people have lost faith in elections.
it must act now.
if i were a betting man, i would say yes.
power is shifting from west to east.
nor is it defined by geography.
let us hope they are right.
israel’s european peace?
since then, rivero has endured his own private blockade.
consider attitudes toward vaccines.
a single fund will now meet these needs at once.
ultimately, though, the brics must also lead by example.
the implications are far-reaching.
experience shows that banning trade in tools of torture works.
the benefits are substantial.
the same sort of thinking holds true in military/strategic affairs.
ultimately, of course, ophelia goes mad and drowns herself.
the story goes back to the recession of 2001.
the commission has been equally firm in demanding both.
engagement with japan, too, has deepened.
first, she thinks of politics as a soccer match.
compelling lawmakers to decriminalize defamation will not be easy.
but there is another side to the coin.
to be sure, there could be glitches.
a strategy must also be comprehensive.
when the tool fails, it needs to be replaced.
yet growth continues to be painfully slow.
pessimism understandably comes easy these days – perhaps too easy.
precisely this currently seems to be occurring.
governments that looked fiscally sound suddenly appear insolvent.
by this standard, global warming doesn’t come close.
in any case, lula remains the central issue.
north and south korea remain technically at war even now.
it’s a celebration of speech.
hong kong and singapore have played their cards astutely.
but president donald trump’s administration appears utterly unconcerned.
what matters is what works, not what is ideologically pure.
yet, the world faces many other vast challenges.
historical traditions also play a role.
iran has sent a powerful signal on that front.
is trump an “effective leader”?
remittances are drying up.
leading journalists have been assaulted, the culprits never found.
unrepaired single-strand breaks are not very toxic to cells.
in fact, it isn’t, and good economics tells us why.
it is time to heed dahrendorf’s call.
scotland and northern ireland voted heavily to remain.
trade and exchange continued only at a trickle.
lessons are being learned and investment strategies revised.
for all theories of justice implicitly define moral rights.
but she still has offered only a partial solution.
we need to know how this transformation is activated.
but this was an asymmetrical peace.
they fall easily into violence, theft, and sabotage.
a second change concerns britain’s relationship with china.
such places exist.
this needs to change.
both factors were more muted in developing economies.
europe’s policymakers cannot offshore the eurozone’s problems.
technology transfer is incredibly difficult.
but the iasb has spawned other committees to oversee auditing.
the second monopoly is exercised in the banking sector.
traces of the "new regionalism" can be found everywhere.
rehema has noticed changes in the weather.
instead, the swamp has grown wider and deeper.
reykjavik proved that boldness is rewarded.
even the communists embraced the system with great delight.
africa’s bitter harvest
it’s an incredible period.
that must change, and radically so.
tackling these challenges will require strong us-japanese cooperation.
erdoğan as the new saladin?
or his winking support of white supremacists?
perhaps they enjoyed that role for a reason.
police are unavailable.
before the latest war erupted, hamas was politically isolated.
so is europe bucking history?
i was walking through venice with richard c.
and new york city strengthened its public election-financing program.
bush, evidence suggests that they favored her by almost 2:1.
the electricity is not working.
the effects of these purchases attracted considerable attention.
it neither endorsed nor rejected the official outcome.
today’s schoolbooks recount these achievements with pride.
it's not a lack of equipment or of local knowledge.
the opposite is true in europe.
resolving the crisis inevitably includes action on two fronts.
manufacturing productivity increased somewhat, owing to intense international competition.
as a result, china’s financial system is becoming increasingly fragile.
given the sanctions on russia, europe was out of bounds.
but this is wishful thinking.
they make the world go round.
six years ago, president george w.
europe must start playing a game that it detests.
life in north korea, however, is hermetically sealed.
indeed, perhaps it is even a dangerous hype.
was 2016 the best year ever?
in particular, russians have acquired some organizational and community-building skills.
sub-prime mortgages made the american dream come true.
it is time to replace gm technology with ecological farming.
the russian revival
these are the attributes it must leverage.
and bailout fatigue is emerging in the eurozone core.
the great diplomatic success of george w.
not all lies are born equal.
there is nothing inevitable about the disappearance of trust.
that leader, of course, can only be amlo.
but such groups still have powerful lures at their disposal.
argentina and venezuela have run out of heterodox policy tricks.
successfully addressing the world’s myriad shared challenges requires nothing less.
what does “renewal” or “rejuvenation” mean to the chinese?
my opponents did.
moreover, the guidelines will not eliminate the state-owned sector’s advantages.
there is no need to set a timetable for this.
but this was not a case of over-regulating and over-reaching.
but europe should move more decisively in this direction.
history has often been contested terrain in india.
by and large, iraqi political parties are sectarian organizations.
we are not alone.
but this is not true in today’s globalized world.
both considerations militate against fiscal irresponsibility and unlimited money creation.
but now those divides are wider.
but this development model is no longer sustainable.
this may reflect what people are accustomed to.
they are united in ruling out external devaluation.
to address this, the political scientists t.
anthony quinn and r.
that has to change – and fast.
the crisis of confidence has infected the eurozone’s big countries.
and annexation is completely prohibited.
the national debt is deferred taxation.
together with dr.
soroush's work echoes themes that spawned the christian reformation.
whose qe was it, anyway?
that works when exploratory experiments are diverse and numerous.
fortunately, the experience of the 1980s suggests a way forward.
nor was germany immune to temptation.
his sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
the market will prove one side right before too long.
geostrategic power and economic power are joined at the hip.
blocking such testing costs lives.
nothing could be further from the truth.
then it was back to work on december 27.
still, much work remains.
at some point, it will presumably stop raining.
both regulators and clinicians who run trials have been criticized.
in the interest of simplicity, i would say no.
one is the structural decline of the once-dominant social democrats.
without it, we have less chance of achieving genuine sustainability.
mikhail gorbachev sits in the back of a limousine.
but this misses the point.
so, what should western central banks do?
france performed marvelously.
fortunately, it is moving to improve its environmental record.
the agenda starts at home.
obviously, the latter risk is more relevant in today’s conditions.
but why would they?
by november, the berlin wall had fallen.
fourth, there is trump’s unpredictability.
anything beyond that level will be catastrophic.
something similar has happened in central european countries.
china’s total debt is now more than 250% of gdp.
the twin symbols are guantanamo and abu ghraib.
italians have abandoned their defensive tactics.
of course, the german team had plenty of good players.
they are also more likely to be hit with fines.
this is a challenging moment in the fight against malaria.
the timing of xi’s march 22-24 visit was no coincidence.
my reasoning is simple.
and the proceedings have only just started.
the world would practically run itself.
but this was not the case in the past.
it will lower transaction costs and increase labor productivity.
this has created a worrying precedent.
but we have to do the work.
but here, too, china will have an advantage.
short-run stability certainly seems attractive right now.
but little of consequence would follow.
i firmly doubt the need to dispense with deterrence.
one century is enough.
the environmental impact is magnified by large-scale farming.
to be against empathy is not to be against compassion.
political leaders were thinking about national revival and assertion.
fortunately, the world economy is not exacerbating bolivia’s domestic polarization.
we think these are both good suggestions.
the children of today deserve this future.
historically, this anti-inflationary bias was explicable and even reasonable.
staffed by eunuchs, it reported to the empress directly.
in japan it is up to $25.
there are two kinds.
one hopes that this heralds genuine progress.
what is different is the origin of the data.
the new digital devices and platforms encouraged hyper-individualism.
a generation ago, it was a simpler world.
there is historical precedent for a change of similar magnitude.
in short, putin was proposing to repeat a failed policy.
but the problem doesn’t end there.
measures to address both issues are mutually reinforcing.
but eid’s are not rare at all.
and calibrating a response was not easy.
szydło and morawiecki are viewed more favorably.
nearly all oil pipelines in the region head west.
the question is whether barr will change his.
a better supply of government meeting the flow of demands.
brussels – forget the fiscal cliff.
the onus for correcting the unfairness lies on us.
and it succeeded.
what is their secret?
and that is where the country should aim to be.
who will grant her asylum?
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where he was living.
but is inequality the real problem?
but the franc-zone countries did not fare nearly so well.
to protect his position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
there are five themes running through my remarks.
so the best assumption is that they would be scrapped.
digital mirror does the reverse.
“they should not come near the shariah.
they exist throughout europe’s anti-immigrant movements.
but criticism is one thing.
but this was non-violent resistance.
economic performance was poor.
yes, an outbreak of inflation could be a threat.
the government of slovakia lost its majority and is unstable.
india is following close behind.
reconciliation between nations is probably easier than reconciliation within nations.
issuing the new global money would reduce this uncertainty.
or should the options be no brexit versus no deal?
and that could well be the greatest tragedy of all.
the repercussions, however, will be global.
but success in cairo might prove even more challenging.
the us has now reelected a president who understands this.
the answer was the united nations and other international agencies.
it took 18 months to abandon this policy.
but maduro must act fast.
today, this economic miracle is up in the air.
but it is much too early to bury sarkozy.
the list tells us two things.
much more must be done.
investors aren’t blind.
and the problem is not just with oil.
maybe not, compared to the alternatives.
lahore – pakistan’s moment of political truth is fast approaching.
with the world’s help, we will do just that.
the price-stability mandate has been trumped by concerns about growth.
chile’s fiscal institutions insure a countercyclical budget.
western europe and the us are both post-industrial democracies.
and it continues to fight when the need arises.
conservationists have been sounding the alarm for years.
the science relating to fisheries has been clear for decades.
ecb president mario draghi has said much the same.
or is it not a question of numbers?
mcmaster – in key positions.
i like their country too much for that.
so, should the french be worried?
nor is this trend unique to south asia.
no president welcomes the scar of having been impeached.
the second is an attack on democracy’s very foundations.
but the total remains far too small.
that is plainly absurd.
but the democrats are also responsible for voter apathy.
this could tackle global warming in the longer run.
a democratic, pro-western middle east is not in the cards.
so, is a global fresh water crisis looming?
and they, not academic economists, formulate policy.
now for the bad news.
parliament evicted lepper from his deputy speakers's position.
so far, those decisions are being delayed on political grounds.
and that is the way it should be.
the real enemy is american leaders’ own lack of vision.
the two need to be tackled together.
yet progress on ncds is possible.
berkeley – ideas matter.
industrial centers with growing unemployment will receive more troops.
for once, a cocktail-party conversation meant something.
vitamin a-fortified margarine was first introduced in denmark in 1918.
first, the cost of raw-material imports has risen sharply.
class and race overlap in the us.
she is not coming back.
it’s not the economy, stupid; it’s the stupid economy.
in iraq, that task fell largely to iranian-aligned shia militias.
consumers pay significantly less than at traditional outlets.
the biggest threat comes from netanyahu.
this is wrong on two levels.
obama would be wise to mend the bilateral relationship.
but there are also several upside risks.
estimates put their number at around 1,200.
some of his positions are untenable.
china is hardly immune to such a possibility.
in 2018, zambia mined over 800,000 tons of copper.
but trump did not take the bait.
but much work remains to be done.
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take him seriously.
can we really afford them all?
that pattern is changing.
with good reason.
stanford – recession fears are gripping europe and spreading globally.
despite being in the minority, the boys were not discouraged.
first, europe is far from being the migrants’ primary destination.
more deeply, its bitterness lays in human and spiritual loss.
this begins with political will and the setting of priorities.
piketty’s argument is detailed and complicated.
even now, russia, though undemocratic, is largely free.
it is not the policymakers’ role to hasten their death.
the journalists present immediately understood the threat.
it probably will create asset-price bubbles.
led’s are beginning to lead the way.
if policymakers do go this route, there are serious risks.
populists must be confronted head-on.
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of bull carcasses.
and savings are particularly good for developing countries.
it will still be neither very good nor very bad.
all of this worsens an already tense situation.
but energy-intensive industries usually benefit from exemptions on carbon charges.
this is possible, but not likely.
summers’s own research results dramatically drive home that point.
that is wrong.
the consequences of the egyptian coup have still to unfold.
the world should use that door before it closes again.
his popularity now stands at 86%.
i was raised on it.
democratic india has never had a religious test for citizenship.
they were wrong to do so.
clearly, this caricature is based on some truth.
yet tweeting is no substitute for thought.
finance is at the top of their list.
solutions must be found that enable all to win.
let’s hope that this time there is more than talk.
far from it.
meanwhile, high domestic borrowing costs are undermining private investment.
erdoğan, meanwhile, has done little to calm matters.
second, the size of lebanon’s recoverable energy reserves is uncertain.
with the withdrawal of us troops, that restraint disappeared overnight.
women and children suffer the most in times of conflict.
can japan reinvent itself again?
harding’s administration in the 1920s.
we need to guard against false narratives, not scarce resources.
foreign managers don’t seem to mind.
yet this is not a sufficient explanation.
it is we who are living in their worst case.
moreover, the fiscal austerity they prescribe delays economic recovery.
men are truly the motors of africa’s economies.
equality for all?
high-income countries might find that reason enough to want out.
but not as we know it.
nothing, however, can replace a well-informed citizenry.
will the euro survive the current crisis?
men also play a somewhat greater role.
officially, it is meant to take two years.
qui tacet consentire videtur (silence means consent).
of course not.
but strategies for mitigating these threats remain far from adequate.
she reported what she saw and heard.
this is wise and should not change.
his election made the point for him.
but snubbing china is misguided.
there are fundamental stories about technology and declining resources.
the us remains a unique source of innovation.
saudi arabia supports the tfg financially and politically.
milan – italy and europe are at an inflection point.
other middle-income countries have discussed adopting similar policies.
it is too modest.
amman – wasted time is always to be regretted.
no one owes us a living.
the capital adequacy ratio was as high as 13.2%.
but trump’s campaign is a losing one.
bush is similarly mistaken.
the west seems to have forgotten this.
lebanon is a particularly important participant in this project.
common sense would, of course, have reached the same conclusion.
what is new is the possibility that nato will fail.
the change was approved overwhelmingly by india’s parliament.
not surprisingly, no government welcomed this idea.
do you have any regrets?
indicators of equality have not improved substantially, either.
the alliance understands that globalization is not a zero-sum game.
prejudice has tended to fall as participation increases.
it may be time for civil society to act.
the falling regimes consistently maintained that al jazeera wasn’t neutral.
if that elicits retaliation, a currency war has broken out.
how did the swedes deal with their financial crisis?
of course, our global responsibilities extend beyond human rights.
syria is the canary in the coalmine.
the eu is far from being out of the woods.
americans tend to talk a lot about morality and justice.
but few of these countries are experiencing much industrialization.
development financing should be left to the world bank.
asean cannot afford to stand by idly.
many are exploited.
is this a team likely to bring war-torn afghanistan together?
she was less adept in political infighting in israel.
must the two approaches be mutually exclusive?
bush is that type of driver.
“china, please slow down.
only a few pundits stubbornly adhere to this approach.
but two things are clear.
new york – children are every country’s most vital resource.
indeed, hiccup will not choose which communities participate.
when events shift, it becomes obsolete.
indeed, she began apologizing for hers earlier anti-semitic hate speech.
all of this requires raising capital.
america’s saving perils
“amazon must tender unconditional apology,” she tweeted.
consider first the supply side.
but it is not a sure thing.
what is that true meaning?
this debasement of public discourse is no accident.
this position will not change after the next presidential election.
the overwhelming evidence, though, is that financial competition promotes innovation.
can cyber warfare be deterred?
the benefits to african talent are easy to see, too.
there are two vital lessons for other countries.
fewer of the country’s elephants are being killed as well.
other countries aiming for carbon neutrality face similarly eye-watering costs.
this set up today’s tension.
cambridge – the federal reserve is under attack.
but information is never perfect.
was it always thus?
most of these parties tend to be socially conservative.
governments should also invest more in verification research and development.
clinton mostly tried (except in the balkans); george w.
bush did not, and generated new wars and turmoil.
in china, exports fell by more than 25% in february.
egypt’s political stagnation has reduced its regional influence.
what remains mysterious is why they are comprehensible.
and that, above all, means preserving the status quo.
now is the time to get our priorities right.
some countries are already taking action.
nowhere is this more obvious than in places like yemen.
new york – first the swiss ban minarets.
faster growth would fuel inflationary pressures.
one criterion is an inappropriately large trade or current-account surplus.
in the us, that ratio has remained relatively constant.
this, too, is a chinese tradition.
the answer is a resounding yes.
i think of a man named joyce sandir.
they were, after all, too big to fail.
needless to say, none of this is normal.
the term was coined by harvard’s joseph s.
now, under "bush ii," america is repeating that folly.
sadly, they have not.
the conflict in ukraine is not about ukraine.
its passivity cost japan the trust of the international community.
what failed in the lisbon strategy?
even pope francis has released a rock album.
an eu free-trade agreement is in place.
nations also put europe's constitutional balance out of kilter.
to contain russia.
he must not drop the ball.
but this issue too is not on the agenda.
the story is far from over.
all of this has seriously undermined european cooperation.
parts of algeria, for example, could be vulnerable.
the left emphasizes redistribution.
new york – the critics of foreign aid are wrong.
shortly after the release, qfii quotas were relaxed significantly.
once again, russia's big businesswomen have united behind chubais.
it never had to.
the ecb is moving ever farther into uncharted territory.
quantitative easing has truly been a step in the dark.
what will this mean for social policy?
trees also offer a host of other benefits for cities.
does iran’s parliamentary election matter?
but even there, risks lurk.
the country is just the same: open, civil, and polite.
is it not a contribution to international security?
turkey, egypt, and iraq are also severely affected.
it is an embarrassment bordering on defeat.
the first is political.
in short, personal comfort resulted in political timidity and complacency.
the malthus gun
enter trump.
this private-sector recovery is helping government finances.
at the end of the day, outcomes are always concrete.
the third is composed of new big businessmen pushing protectionism.
addressing them should be part of the world bank’s role.
several of hers colleagues share hers reservations.
fortunately, efforts are underway to address each of them.
will italy cross the illiberal rubicon?
who were their enemies?
voting does not always solve problems of self-determination.
united with putin against terror?
they would like banks to be “chaste,” but not yet.
the real problem, however, lies elsewhere.
its people have become powerful, arrogant, and enormously rich.
french republican values find their expression in the eu.
today's uncertainties make the past look rosier than it was.
the answer remains far from clear.
even trump and all his deal making can’t change that.
causes are the hardest to understand.
such cases are legion.
in an innovation-driven economy, only innovative solutions can work.
too quick, alas.
consider foreign policy.
the pis government is immune to scandal for two reasons.
china’s legacy is different.
but europe’s opinion of its integrity is not always shared.
but the resolution’s genuinely groundbreaking objectives lie in other areas.
“cheating,” of course, is in the eye of the beholder.
this need not be antagonistic, as in the past.
this has important implications for public-health policy.
an even greater shock would await monetary policy.
china apparently has more self-made billionaires than the united states.
the next generation is already smaller.
today, however, the geopolitical context is evolving.
ultimately, the choice is simple.
so i will say it again: we are at war.
history has not come full circle.
this is no formula for long-term economic success.
politicians like this because it increases demand for their services.
in the natural sciences, this is already happening.
and here the plot has thickened.
but perhaps that is wishful thinking.
but i doubt it,” he writes.
do they want a politically integrated eu?
i have a simple answer.
indeed, without adequate regulation, they are prone to excess.
the continent’s economies experienced a slowdown, but not a recession.
malala’s revolution
1.
the 2008 crisis played out a bit differently.
all countries’ legitimizing narratives blend historical fact and myth.
the economy should be going gangbusters.
now, however, the election will likely be postponed.
sound macroeconomic policymaking cannot be conducted through arbitrary mini-budgets.
all parts of the baltic region prospered, save one.
military bases have been impetuously established along russia’s perimeter.
an unknown attacker may also be deterred by cyber-security measures.
for europe, soft power far outstrips hard power.
the costs appear relatively small.
after all, london refused to negotiate with argentina before 1994.
it was a deeply confused speech.
the rest of the world shares that benign inflation environment.
the social-biophysical system is replete with chicken-and-egg subsystems.
finally, a gleam of hope might arise from necessity.
in short, france has lost control of europe.
we also know the current gaps that exist in development.
moreover, it would cost virtually nothing to create and operate.
tough rhetoric but moderate sanctions will not work.
no one questions that the renminbi is on the rise.
but they did so unevenly.
this type of indirect pressure continues to claim victims today.
for more information about the event, go here.
it’s not pretty.
governments are not organized to meet them.
the scene brilliantly captures america’s cantankerous and contradictory zeitgeist.
that is when hers next ordeal began.
in macroeconomic theory, keynesianism is due for its second demise.
i urge other governments to take similar steps.
appearances, however, can be deceptive.
trump claims that trade wars are easy to win.
withdrawing from the paris climate agreement was bad.
it is hard to disagree.
and both seem to be itching to do even more.
their egos should be strong enough to take it.
iraq comes first.
once we understand these factors, we can act.
transparency in procurement works wonders.
these are exceptions.
“there is a new paradigm here,” she said.
she is a canny businesswoman – that much is clear.
let’s first dispense with a powerful emerging myth.
there is no more to it than that.
call it the digital divide.
thousands of our citizens are dead.
everyone rushes to get out.
one poverty-reduction strategy worth exploring is communal access to technology.
the world is now in a climate emergency.
can the end come abruptly in 2006?
do they leave the world better or worse?
fortunately, there is such a strategy: research and development.
take the economy.
modern informational autocrats also make extensive use of censorship.
europe can do the same.
but overfishing and pollution are causing tremendous damage.
revolution transmuted into a crypto-coup d’état.
this puzzles dawkins, as it does many others.
some people embraced nationalism and chauvinism.
hollande’s victory has already sharply redefined european politics.
the net result was a reversal of deforestation.
yet much can still go wrong.
opacity has grown with complexity.
leaving the eu will likely affect the british economy severely.
is europe doing everything wrong?
the result was a compromise between these two groups.
monetarists hail the low-inflation era as their great achievement.
i am less sanguine.
indonesia is already among the world’s biggest carbon emitters.
the atmosphere of violence is palpable in other ways.
the fed should relearn that lesson.
where to from here?
an active competition policy will be needed.
deforestation must be reversed, not accelerated.
spending has been cut and taxes raised.
the time has come to realize it.
the party then hemorrhaged influential members, particularly in the north.
ludwig’s sentiments, however, found few echoes elsewhere in the eu.
indeed, people are now recognizing two important facts.
other experts agree.
the eu will, instead, need a large, managed immigration policy.
sadly, there is little reason to be optimistic.
they proved that there is always a chance of outperforming.
popper's preferred method, of course, was the ballot box.
then came 2008, when everything changed.
in the long run, sweden cannot avoid reform.
moreover, the newer bitumen technology does without strip mines.
political posturing is often expedient.
but he is barred from actually being on the ballot.
it is a time bomb of which everyone is aware.
and he led.
what will happen is hard to foresee.
around the world, ai is already transforming developing countries.
the crisis on the right, however, is no less serious.
the first doubt is about the stock market.
thus, it also helps expand incomes.
they complement and even depend on each other.
yet steps to protect investors can be taken.
they want to have a positive impact on the world.
moreover, how to restructure the financial system remains unclear.
everything is reversible in a democracy.
angela bismarck thatcher
no one knows.
is academic freedom worth its price?
but they have done nothing to promote growth.
leung and his colleagues can give them one.
saleh will undoubtedly resist such an effort.
should it be 30% in stocks and 70% in housing?
developing countries’ health systems are already stretched.
because of extensive leaks, the report’s contents are mostly known.
and the housing foreclosures have precipitated a global slowdown.
first, she faces the challenge of reforming hers own party.
but is china getting too much of a good thing?
but this clash is unavoidable.
some may never have been viable.
finally, there is europe to consider.
that view is changing.
but with trump, there is none of that.
are the skeptics right?
but cynicism is wrong.
only in the 1950s was the system slowly loosened.
none of this should be surprising.
their leaders want to rescue the state, not raze it.
unfortunately, this may be a costly way to learn.
the standard explanation is corruption.
why are china's leaders so adamant against devaluing the rmb?
a half-century ago, white rhinos abounded in africa.
protectionism may, in fact, be an electoral dinosaur.
it is too powerful and skillful to be challenged head-on.
europe is well on its way to a zero-emission economy.
i think this is right.
microfinance has become the darling of development enthusiasts.
it inspired widespread emulation.
this is not just a matter of economic convenience.
but what about agriculture?
the president’s reassurances were not convincing.
mail and why there was so much spam in yahoo!
they have not opted for “bio-based” plastics.
he or she heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
that is one thing india cannot afford.
but it is a us territory.
some programs are helping to level the playing field.
“two ways,” she replies.
southern europe had succumbed to the drug of cheap credit.
developing countries should also increase their education spending.
these issues are difficult to address directly.
but she is barred from actually being on the ballot.
but the european central bank (ecb) will be more worried.
so, what fiscal reforms are needed to meet these objectives?
this year’s final may well be a latin american affair.
african governments are beginning to recognize this.
but pakistan’s political history suggests otherwise.
are people better off?
but complexity is not the only reason for obscurity.
another reset with russia?
we want it in our journalism.
a way forward beckons.
will the polluters pay for climate change?
they should be.
most people are not stupid.
zardari, however, was not prepared to limit his own powers.
not all of this gain is the result of aid.
by contrast, ghana represents the sunny side africa.
actually, they would probably feel okay.
if he goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
after all, russia’s leaders have shown themselves to be unpredictable.
above all, however, iraq is in trouble.
to be sure, erdoğan is hardly blameless.
they must show it.
your book becomes bigger.
in other words, foreign policy requires strategic thinking.
as a result, recession seems certain.
then there is the press.
learning from malaria
tokyo – interviews are always tricky.
there is no quick fix to this problem.
there are two major geopolitical uncertainties as well.
it works only for smaller marginal decisions.
in this context, a new policy target has emerged: investment.
fundamental policy issues are finding support on their own merits.
malians have become victims of the libyan intervention.
the vienna meeting offers a rare opportunity to change course.
bank regulation is also part of the fed’s mandate.
cities power growth through innovation, trade, and exchange.
nevertheless, there are significant obstacles ahead.
but the real reason is those businesspeople in asia.
it will prove a difficult period at the controls.
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
for women, the choice is clear.
the case of airline deregulation is again revealing.
indeed, i was arrested for treason even before the election.
economic stimulus will work efficiently only if confidence is restored.
around the world, countries are undergoing transitions to democracy.
but she is now asking britons to do precisely that.
i can only hope they are being sincere.
yet, unavoidably, some triumphalism has crept into the narrative.
china has reduced reserve requirements on banks.
he likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
they risked their careers by going before the committee.
but, when conducted during wartime, risks abound.
the message seems to be spreading.
then came years of cold war division.
the istanbul meeting last month concluded on a positive note.
but she has little chance of succeeding.
headscarves were first banned in france by administrative decree.
according to the american investigative journalist robert i.
-1.4
no familiar ideology provides the needed wisdom.
the response by enlightened communities is therefore important.
hedge funds and other investors have already taken notice.
a poisoned public atmosphere threatens everyone who lives in ukraine.
chen once had political courage.
is syria the next domino?
so no ecological collapse here.
europe faces no shortage of challenges.
but we should not give up.
the united states, however, is doing better.
without paying a big tax!”
washington, d.c.
they now share non-nuclear military technology and conduct joint exercises.
yes, greece needs to privatize inefficient public enterprises.
women confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
it is time to face reality.
but these attempts are weakened by their underlying political motivation.
golubchuk’s children argue that she interacts with them.
that is unwise.
as bhutto acknowledges, khan seems to understand this.
but this interpretation overlooks what these indicators fail to measure.
my father was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
over the last five years, it reached a mere 0.4%.
it is the most important attribute in politics.
not surprisingly, secessionist sentiment remains strong.
these trends all augur well for india’s economic future.
it is not imposed.
simplistic labels reflect more prejudice than understanding.
as the elite public schools suffer, so will chilean democracy.
our prevailing templates for describing fire are similarly misdirected.
so why is the us suddenly acting so aggressively?
capital stopped flowing out of southern europe and speculation eased.
the us has thus painted itself into a corner.
essentially, chile needs a fiscal system that lessens inequality.
some concern short-term issues; most are of a medium-term nature.
unfortunately, europe’s central bank does both.
alongside this increased poverty came many violent pogroms.
so score the stimulus a very expensive, largely wasted opportunity.
this is dangerous territory.
united states, 39 (46); 2.
the weirder he gets, the more his supporters like him.
its intellectual elite is pouring out of the country, too.
daskaa 2.0 also threatens sanctions against russian financial institutions.
investments that were promised in 2015 have yet to materialize.
venezuela faces not only political problems but severe economic ones.
obviously, that is not an option.
marijuana is by far the most widely used drug.
principles do matter.
what is also required is a dose of realism.
yields per hectare have been stagnating.
such simplistic sound bites understate the severity of the challenge.
- only a few rules are freestanding, i.e.
many other strains are also self-inflicted.
tensions between turkey and russia have grown precipitously.
instead, they gradually erode children’s development prospects.
a parasitic infection, it is often fatal when left untreated.
- the country was nearing collapse at home.
but that leaves some large questions unresolved.
ethics and power can be mutually reinforcing.
she died a few days later.
and progress in some areas need not wait for others.
this calls for immediate action.
a third key area is public policy.
america’s recent growth was neither economically sustainable nor inclusive.
putinism claimed victory after invading tiny georgia in 2008.
so far this year, the number stands at six.
madrid – above all, europe is freedom, peace, and progress.
other governments have disputed creditors’ claims in similar contexts.
politically, macron is a contradiction in terms.
can the reformers triumph again?
economies will sputter, governments will fall, and companies will fail.
like europeans, tunisians fear terrorism.
some stoop to crime to pay their gambling debts.
such forecasts reflect three welcome developments.
but does necessity really drive us so hard now?
europe would then withdraw from twenty-first-century world politics.
so what factors get economies going and keep them humming?
improvement on all counts is vital for america’s competitive revival.
but it is the ideologues who are driving the bus.
on that front, there are promising signs.
but is this conventional wisdom always right?
it is the scale of the catastrophe that astonishes me.
they’re bringing crime.
does the country seek increased openness or isolation?
fortunately, the us backed down.
thatcher was brave and resolute, but she was not magnanimous.
hard economic times make it difficult to maintain charisma.
in fact, roughly half of africa’s farmers are women.
kohler lacked all of these characteristics.
this is a powerful story.
but even germany, europe’s biggest economy, is experiencing an upswing.
not everybody applauded.
yet the poles confounded the zeitgeist .
no trace of polish authority remained.
their silence was tantamount to consent.
italy would be wise to tread carefully.
progress here has been inadequate, despite much talk.
should ai make battlefield decisions?
that is fine as a campaign slogan.
and now, the situation is worsening.
what accounts for this divergence?
eighty years on, the developed world has approached keynes’s goal.
consider agricultural mechanization, which started in the nineteenth century.
to be sure, such openness carries some risks.
unreconstructed authoritarians already are in charge in russia and china.
the recent death of james m.
she recommended its replacement by a statutory press complaints tribunal.
and chinese leaders can’t seem to let it go.
berlusconi invented this cartoon world.
in fact, this was far from guaranteed.
will brazil’s good times roll on?
what should the west do now?
the folly of this approach should be obvious.
but climate-change mitigation and adaptation are costly.
the eu’s leaders need to wake up.
friedman himself would have rued these government policies.
lausanne – i was born in 1945.
language is a strange thing.
if these are the winners, who are the losers?
germany could follow the south korean government’s new path.
the reality is far more complex, of course.
yet other distinguished scholars – including david j.
britain's experience shows that there are strong reasons for optimism.
but we are also likely to see significant grassroots reaction.
the similarities between february-march 1954 and june-july 2013 are numerous.
a similar lesson flows from italy’s election earlier this year.
a second referendum poses a second threat to democracy.
but greece’s membership in the eurozone makes that impossible.
its interventionist measures won’t work.
but he will surely do so with clenched fists.
the young representatives understand that these issues are manifestly interlinked.
yes, these programs are costly.
the market adjustment will end when appropriate spreads are found.
all the ingredients remain separate from the outset.
the meeting is a welcome development.
it wasn’t alone.
the eurozone’s current design makes ecb independence impossible.
what drives central bank decisions to intervene?
great companies can be surpassed swiftly.
murdered, palme is now part of history.
the entire world is in the grip of deflationary forces.
but pa has taken a different approach.
inequality is clearly a serious problem that merits political attention.
yet that is exactly what has happened.
this will ensure that the future can be even brighter.
local and international mediators guided tunisia from turmoil once before.
one idea is to raise the fed’s inflation target.
i don’t think so.
such opportunities do not come along every day.
this is a dangerous combination.
self-regulation has failed spectacularly.
it is time to prepare for the g-2.
but taiwan remained a huge, seemingly impossible obstacle.
the roller-coaster ride is far from over.
the economic impact of independence, however, is far less certain.
third, publicly financing health could increase overall employment.
but the talks faced considerable headwinds.
indeed, irish society seems remarkably hesitant to change course.
reality is usually very different.
in this area, western countries have set a deplorable example.
what will be the consequences of the irish referendum?
hers decision not to run disappointed many of them.
european firms have plenty of capital!
but the wto’s revival will not happen automatically.
that is how fake news wins.
khamenei is 74 and has health problems.
those norms now lie in tatters.
all of these reforms have long been expected.
africans have led the world in science before.
first, local forces opposed to saddam should be encouraged.
unfortunately, the answer to all these questions is yes.
naturally, i objected to phrasing.
in the fourth act, the real estate bubble will burst.
the fed acted preemptively while inflation was still very low.
for students, this information can prove to be invaluable.
this should be followed by infrastructure repairs.
we simply haven't learned our lesson.
populism often thrives when the legitimacy of political institutions declines.
fourth, and again related, is stress.
the political backlash would be enormous.
but how important is democracy for economic success?
in reality, big differences exist among the new eu members.
but bernanke’s argument is not entirely convincing.
many governments have been forced to act.
the west can defeat isis.
austerity is dead.
we can do better.
europe’s economic crisis dominated this year’s imf/world bank meetings.
however, as the sars epidemic flared up in 2003, dr.
“the movie wants it both ways.
these commitments will be much more difficult to combat.
in trying to answer them, two considerations seem fundamental.
smes are open to innovation, technology transfer, and industrialization.
that appears to be precisely the kremlin’s goal.
this makes no sense.
finally, big data poses a challenge for accountability.
these differences were not trivial.
instead, political life here has been reduced to mere formality.
three main reasons for acting against saddam have been offered.
this practice is also unwise.
poland’s role in the current crisis is slightly different.
stocks on the new york exchange are overpriced.
this point applies to the doing business report.
western powers are hardly blameless for the middle east’s woes.
because this inevitably lowers the threshold for use.
it is this threshold that appears to be under threat.
america’s role in malaysia is highly polarizing.
here the imf made its fatal mistake.
how can this cost be reduced?
yet contradictions abound.
even under the current system, many angel investors lose money.
playing the peacemaker would serve her well on all counts.
it is impossible for anyone to predict bubbles accurately.
there is, however, an odd contradiction in abe’s nationalism.
nato has, of course, shown remarkable tenacity.
and the semi-divine japanese emperor was brought down to earth.
but war and occupation create innocent victims.
they will not be blackmailed into accepting us-israeli diktats.
this should be no surprise.
cash is forbidden.
that seems like an approach worth trying.
its western darfur region may eventually follow a similar route.
but recent history has not been kind to the victors.
the facts, however, tell a very different story.
a solution must be found elsewhere.
unemployment is high in many countries, especially among the young.
that means there is a lot of room for growth.
this is not a question of nostalgia or snobbery.
but the problems with ayyadurai’s paper are legion.
resistance to the current system is now growing.
europe and north america live completely free of malaria.
another challenge stems from the global nature of climate change.
some required billions of dollars of international support.
doctors diagnosed her with testicular cancer.
initially, local police failed the victim through apathy.
this is done by issuing certificates that can be traded.
so, what kind of future did they determine?
yet coubertin persisted in his dream of apolitical brotherhood.
but saakashvili and his allies are all young.
that makes it a problem.
cultural assets will be left unprotected.
that is the last thing italy needs.
each year, some 700,000 people die from drug-resistant infections worldwide.
a tax on stock transactions encourages longer-term holdings.
more or less europe?
but industrial countries, too, intervene substantially in markets.
no dialogue was ever sought.
of course, the refugee crisis has far more serious implications.
when one’s immune system weakens, the disease may erupt.
we don’t want to reuse paper bags anymore.
driving these trends is the changing nature of work.
ukraine is heavily dependent on russian energy, particularly gas.
that western-imposed system is now unraveling.
why aren’t us bond investors panicking?
but it is a start.
public policy concerning the mentally ill should empower, not marginalize.
enlightened japanese elites are fascinated by franco-german reconciliation.
global decoupling is also unlikely.
musharraf’s recent farcical reelection as president probably cost bhutto support.
but order will not emerge on its own.
the g-7’s sustainability mission
our country's credit rating was affirmed.
but it was the wrong target.
people don’t trust the professionals.
but governments are not like households or companies.
but is this a real problem?
she has even promised a new constitution.
but opposition, while broad, was diffuse.
the consequences have become painfully clear, especially in western countries.
this global epidemic is not confined to advanced countries.
not unreasonably, president george w.
but one-sided exaggeration is not the way forward.
and that, unfortunately, has been in short supply.
economic uncertainty is also dramatically affecting brazilian politics.
switchboard operators are gone.
are the japanese really ready to accept such a cure?
but there is a solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict.
to my eye, however, the old obama was not back.
the marketization of everything sharpens the sting of inequality.
the science makes these links clear.
there is a no easy way out.
central bankers or markets?
the emergence of viable political parties requires a strong parliament.
orbán will just have hers cronies handle it.
bush in 2000 and donald trump in 2016).
these are, by all reasonable standards, remarkable uk-led achievements.
net capital imports exceeded $800 billion in 2008 alone.
some western diplomats recognize the supreme leader’s role.
fourier realized that gases in our atmosphere trap heat.
algeria was the first arab spring country.
france is not the epicenter of the eurozone crisis.
most likely, this proliferation of innovation is just the beginning.
and worktopia is an online marketplace for business meeting rooms.
is the future more promising?
for starters, there is energy security.
india is the only country that belongs to all four.
in ukraine, nuclear emissions could exceed both chernobyl and fukushima.
but higher values are not ruled out....
obviously, this isn’t the arrangement tusk would prefer.
this is the beginning of an important dialogue.
the non-westerner, however, would rather place tradition above innovation.
this is hardly an isolated example.
farther afield, syria is experiencing only bloodshed and sorrow.
employment levels are high, and unemployment is decreasing.
rome: talk of globalization, of a global economy, is unavoidable.
this means extending diplomatic recognition, including opening and maintaining embassies.
worldwide, tb kills more people than any other communicable disease.
even some rightist politicians are openly troubled by this possibility.
the event was minutely choreographed.
unfortunately, no quick fix exists.
military rule in algeria continues de facto to this day.
but trump is not just addressing a non-issue.
this is not to say that cameron should target foreigners.
the united states elected a black woman president.
the impact on governance is all too predictable.
if that happened, the euro would eventually collapse.
at first sight, that makes a lot of sense.
this would create a european regulatory regime.
that is not the same as national income.
watanabe’s story helps to illustrate a remarkable disparity.
what changed was the currency arrangement.
it is already three-fifths of the way there.
some people conclude that markets are simply irrational.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to his father’s legacy.
here the private sector also has a role to play.
egypt’s security harvest
finally, governments belatedly have become business-friendly.
russia and china were among them.
that is an overwhelming indictment that merits urgent policy action.
fixing these problems will require cooperation at all levels.
the doctors, administrators, and bureaucrats are reluctant to relinquish control.
some initiatives are already underway.
so the us is likely to opt for growth.
markets and personal initiative are pervasive.
global economic policy-making remains very much a western game.
that is the risk today.
invincible popularity can evaporate.
that is roughly what japan is doing now.
italy is a case in point.
his language is one of resistance to conquest.
bush silenced criticism by calling it unpatriotic.
but parliament is the seat of real political power here.
some are insightful.
today, we do not need lies.
support for governments grappling with these problems was extremely fragile.
one of the most powerful tools is money.
boris yeltsin’s re-election in 1996 was such a moment.
the reason lies in today’s complex global supply chains.
third, inflation was above the bank of england’s target.
now it has reached the united kingdom.
three themes stand out.
various considerations typically underlie policy choices in such situations.
here is one example.
yet there is little indication of progress.
first, the world must work from common standards.
shifts in rainfall patterns will certainly affect crops, particularly rice.
i also know how difficult reconciliation can be.
but these steps are largely ineffective – or worse.
but this simply is not true.
in cyberspace, anyone can have his or her say.
the impact of that game should not be underestimated.
this senseless political warfare has hampered cross-strait economic relations.
many people had their doubts about these investments.
this is a dream come true for putin.
but bush did nothing of the sort.
public debt has risen near 40%.
first, we need to approach development differently.
yet still we fail to act.
these problems demand bold responses.
i know how difficult this path has been.
columbia university’s jeffrey d.
sachs recognizes this.
this is not to say that qe has no downside.
neither of those things has happened.
universal health coverage is also smart.
high salaries drove growth but reduced earnings.
one of trump’s most problematic stances relates to trade.
is that true?
the situation is dangerous and deteriorating.
previously, gas markets were geographically restricted by dependence on pipelines.
only territorial autonomy, it seems, would do.
it can do so if it follows the right roadmap.
like his father, assad is cautious.
war might not be quick at all.
the us response to this prospect has been extreme.
but it would transform russia even more.
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from hers diseased politics.
still, sbn members have much to celebrate.
officers who protest are court-martialed and transferred to remote stations.
during a franco-german-russian summit in st.
petersburg, he explicitly refrained from criticizing the us and britain.
the criminals are almost all dead now.
water is transported further or purified.
what is the real record?
you are and you are not complicit.
but this is blame shifting, nothing more.
both candidates want jobs to be created in ecological services.
it has no regrets about throwing greece to the wolves.
but the myth of european supranationalism persisted.
lifelong learning needs to become a reality.
the system looks somewhat safer as a result.
the idea was to study mutants of c.
there have been some encouraging signals.
alcohol restrictions were tightened.
this time is different, argues the chorus of china skeptics.
indeed, i suspect that there will be backsliding.
the stock market rewarded banks that made that bet.
the kurds are preparing for this.
him capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.
though seemingly fragile, it has held up remarkably well.
some archaeological evidence exists.
whether these projections were met is another issue.
but it will not.
sarkozy’s second important initiative was to re-energize the european project.
transformability and resilience are not opposites.
“business is business,” as deng xiaoping taught us.
it is the best choice for our collective future.
doom sells; scientific empiricism, not so much.
no politician dared to make this distinction.
there are objective reasons for this change.
this de facto surrender creates a fertile environment for despotism.
the budget balance equals government outlays minus revenues.
inaction benefits only hofer and his fellow populists.
getting the right combination of parameters is critical.
but regulation could change that.
its road back to political relevance appears long and bleak.
rightly so: economists have plenty to answer for.
hundreds of supermarkets vandalized and looted.
this holds lessons for outside powers, too.
the economics is really quite simple.
in this context, asia’s future is highly uncertain.
security would be a major concern.
we have been here before.
these integrated structures seemed to offer many advantages.
beyond existential risks, there are near-term risks.
the question is when.
pacta sunt servanda – agreements must be honored.
munich – the euro’s current weakness has one culprit: greece.
perhaps this should come as no surprise.
trump can play tough at being a unilateralist.
part of northern kenya was inhabited by somalis.
that’s about one of every nine people on earth.
self-insurance or self-destruction?
and bosnia is still a troubled place.
skeptics doubt that foreign aid really helps.
first, arafat’s legacy left fatah and the plo completely undisciplined.
they are now attracting growth-enhancing foreign capital.
unemployment checks had run out.
nehru’s last stand?
successful long-term development therefore requires a two-pronged push.
in russia, we lack any such gradation.
but it did largely represent a kind of enlightened self-interest.
did anyone doubt the legitimacy of the result?
the current system is both risky and inefficient.
information has to be structured to become knowledge.
what should be done instead?
people feel uneasy and worried, especially when traveling.
the dollar would become weaker, leaving investors wrong-footed.
that is cause enough for cheer.
the nature-versus-nurture debate has been around a long time.
basically, there are two possibilities, one positive and one negative.
in particular, they do not create a liberal order.
these are impressive gains that are worth celebrating.
this time we will need global cooperation.
that is why global engagement is critical.
it is a biochemical reaction.
such a bargain must contain two elements.
confidence in the imf was at an all time low.
roosevelt’s new deal public-works programs were attacked as wasteful boondoggles.
some even call for more active us assistance.
that’s not a moral judgment, but a business one.
this opportunity should not be missed.
this year’s round of annual general meetings has been different.
she is more mississippi than manhattan.
but there are caveats.
leaders of the poor prefer to romanticize the past.
in fact, no one really knows.
and they got good grades.
but austerity can never be self-defeating for the external adjustment.
i tell them not to panic.
the third political force is the bloc which i lead.
it is too risky.
so was untaes in the early discussions on eastern slavonia.
today, humans release about 100,000 tons of antibiotics per year.
but this is not the tsetse’s only rare trait.
neusoft's equipment looks like little personal computers with sensors attached.
education reform is one of the most important.
there are other, less “political” dangers.
the return of religion?
security threats are among the most serious setbacks in transitions.
strategy is china's greatest strength.
but the situation is not so simple.
the global financial crisis has shattered this myth.
here the evidence is less clear.
what koran verse required those travellers to be roasted alive?
he was less adept in political infighting in israel.
while most c.
the real risk, however, lies in italy.
or will it adjust to them?
president george w.
national and international emergency-response capabilities are being upgraded.
history, said fischer, had long decided that enlargement would occur.
what exactly they voted for remains a mystery.
this is a contradiction with global implications.
ideology and values play little role.
second, there is a growing gulf between money and politics.
so they should be treated as a call to action.
and make no mistake: the west’s attitude toward turkey matters.
for a high-resolution version of this chart, click here.
but if the pressure is clear, its purpose is not.
can you start a fire without matches?
yet services offer more than just a labor-intensive growth path.
but that silence does not mean that they are over.
organizations can decide to extend their reach.
the eu is built on democratic principles.
for great britain, europe-wide defense is a nonstarter.
but what, specifically, will she do to prevent it?
so, forget populism.
some have even employed staff using their own money.
but it is too late for that now.
they are missing the point.
the experience certainly did not traumatize me.
clearly, the epidemic will continue to spread.
that is what the health-care community in india is doing.
relationships between sugar mommies and their companions rarely last.
will europeans unite in time to save them?
only through hers punishment can popular indignation be contained.
the two sides fought proxy wars in africa and asia.
london – we live in perilous times.
but the impact of that stimulus has faded.
christianity is not at war with islam.
is the emerging-economy growth engine breaking down?
economic protectionists didn’t win elections.
i should say that my friend is extremely old.
government then brought these advances to millions of american farmers.
that won’t be easy to achieve.
there is power in networks.
the answer to the second question is surely yes.
a relapse into regional war and islamist terror?
“identity” was not yet seen as a problem.
the region’s flexible states are frightened of war.
and, by all accounts, enough people at yahoo!
a time-honored precept is to avoid shaking investor confidence unnecessarily.
policymakers cannot hide from that reality forever.
it cannot do both.
so, drop the idea of convergence?
much will hinge, finally, on the president’s reaction.
but they need to know they are being listened to.
most important, no prolonged or double-dip depression occurred.
european competitiveness does not have only a global dimension.
kirchner’s successor, his widow cristina fernández de kirchner, is struggling.
british emu membership remains very desirable.
not all british contributions were positive, of course.
so what is the way forward?
investors will not repeat that mistake: once bitten, twice shy.
everyone else, including the young, got unprecedented insecurity.
instead of defaulting, countries arranged rescue packages with the imf.
israel has so far been unwilling to accept this fact.
today, these tasks look huge.
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
turkey’s incursion into northwestern syria is just one consequence.
the era of american unipolarity is over.
the notion that capital markets could self-regulate was decisively rejected.
the eu faces little outright hostility.
dying to live
that has not changed.
the eu will remain a minor player in pakistan.
multilateral measures will also be important.
taken together, these factors are leaving welfare recipients worse off.
what's the ordinary european to think?
russian president vladimir putin tops the list of doubters.
trump has changed the world, permanently, for the worse.
companies worldwide scrambled to secure their online safety.
taking up this mantle did not come easy.
bangladesh offers both a possible blueprint and a cautionary tale.
similarly, europeans are rich enough to manage their own security.
but surprises also abound.
she is right, indirectly.
proximity to the gandhi family is everything.
but, here, too, political sensitivities loom large.
the peace deal is not perfect.
a more adventurous plant diet is possible.
but 100 days later, there was no new constitution.
such reticence may serve a useful purpose.
“what credit-fueled expansion?” they might ask.
yet this is precisely what elevating genocide presupposes.
this year might be considered one of peak truthiness.
this is what the eu’s “fiscal compact” is for.
now all of the choices that egypt faces are ugly.
the paradox here is double.
undoubtedly, rising anti-immigrant populism must be confronted.
even that turned out to be insufficient.
they oppose anything that smacks of european political integration.
in the end, realpolitik may rule.
so who the eu president will be matters a lot.
this experience holds a clear lesson: don’t panic.
many factors are contributing to the us economy’s low-growth/high-inequality problem.
indeed, laos was among the worst-affected countries.
other regions, however, are volatile and unstable.
but artificially suppressing prices usually requires rationing to domestic households.
war criminals are put on trial in the hague.
this approach is untenable.
big-box stores are not exactly attractive – hence their name.
but the more durable solution is already inside the country.
instead, they are contingent on the behavior of financial markets.
women had jobs, but rarely careers.
but free trade is a two-way street.
the comparison between these two approaches is clear.
this is in many ways an old-fashioned view.
legislation such as the us glass-steagall act clipped their wings.
its defenders need to act early and decisively.
should this be treated as traditional propaganda or something new?
but that is not the real problem.
talk about "regime change" is not enough.
throughout hers business career, she has frequently invoked libel laws.
this severely limits the prospects of women and girls.
leave high-salt foods for occasional use.
other challenges loom.
neither of these is a serious option.
yet the euphoric reaction seen in some quarters is misplaced.
that is the real challenge facing europe.
the future stability of the entire region depends on it.
so, what do we do?
far from over, korea's crisis is shifting ground.
but there is a limit to this option.
but obama’s decision, i believe, does have some redeeming features.
chile’s success is old, if still inspiring, news.
switzerland’s recent treatment by the oecd, however, has been disgraceful.
another major challenge is managing credit risk.
can you kill yourself in the psych ward?
and there is definitely a place for ambitious goals.
some national deficits may rise to twice the pact's limit.
the us economy reflects this dichotomy.
democracy is one such force.
there is no cure.
but they already did, twice.
but that same trend is likely to affect groupon itself.
macron is campaigning for votes from all parts of society.
blair’s government may hope to be rescued by outside events.
davos – today’s world seems more risk-laden than ever.
now, its once-impregnable citadel in america is under threat.
but that was our responsibility.
outright deflation would be an even more dangerous threat.
but this claim is unconvincing.
the first casualty will most likely be price stability.
him powerful myth made him a sort of primal woman.
staggering changes have already occurred.
economics can never be separated from social and political concerns.
financial assistance can conceivably help spain, but not italy.
day or night, they live in darkness.
in his memoirs, us president lyndon b.
montevideo – brazil’s economy is in intensive care.
the regime’s authoritarian tendencies have not gone unnoticed internationally.
ndbs have been innovative, notably in supporting new activities.
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” he complained.
it was not inconceivable, though it was unlikely.
in europe, however, unemployment remains a "good" job.
housing starts are also responding to the increase in wealth.
finally, brexit would be a severe setback to european integration.
geremek had two messages about anti-semitism.
president george w.
for african-americans, ghana has special meaning.
these images are powerful and uncomfortable.
but with a strong, shared commitment, it can be managed.
if anything, she understates the problem.
so here’s an idea.
so does the bible.
what next for the us stock market?
rock and roll has officially come to cuba.
other factors have contributed to the food crisis.
all investments are ious.
but modern does not mean moderate.
turkey also ranks last in the oecd’s better life index.
justice begins by respecting the law‫.
the official narrative reflected little of this.
who killed the nokia phone?
there is a lot of judgment involved.
the new government’s fragile equilibrium only reinforces this sober interpretation.
he is right about the distraction.
a country in trouble retains primary responsibility for correcting policy.
who would invest in northern nigeria under current conditions?
strangelove” to illustrate key concepts.
it was called the trans-pacific partnership, which trump has nixed.
what made it uniquely american?
in other words, there is no unified young guard.
reduced rates of return will lower investment rates.
thatcher eventually called an election for june 1983.
another 12,000 have been brutally tortured.
does this mean that a sixth republic is inevitable?
hers twitter account provides instant feedback.
but it is not likely, either.
americans frequently misunderstand our place in the world.
democracy and communism are, it seems, mutually exclusive.
central bankers surely wish for a dynamic global economy.
we have become complacent and lazy.
but why are interest rates in greece still so low?
for now, there is simply no alternative.
but we should not underestimate the leverage of public spending.
the oslo meeting also affirmed new horizons.
he has charm and - many say - charisma.
america at stall speed?
but it has not done that.
in 2011, the us had trade deficits with 98 countries.
ordinarily, there would be no contest here.
we find out in may.
they identify intensely with him, whatever she does.
what is nato against, the russians ask?
ultimately, this is what he will be judged by.
otherwise, by 2030, tb could claim another 15 million lives.
now that dictatorship, too, is beginning to crumble.
and now china faces a dilemma.
ceausescu's rule demonstrates this.
is it fear of being called an anti-semite?
a city of nearly seven million people paralyzed.
but many believe that india, too, faces uncertain political prospects.
-33.840
the answer almost certainly is yes.
there are new outbreaks of war and violence.
fed officials, for their part, must better justify their actions.
hers follow-up gave me pause.
but these are nuances, not fundamental differences.
after all, human knowledge is increasing.
we should all drink to that.
that’s exciting news to retailers looking for new markets.
good health is a blessing.
bangladesh knows wartime cholera all too well.
hitler, too, hoped that other countries would accept them.
rudi lit up any group in which she participated.
some of the latter can come through carbon market.
but it is a prerequisite for success.
their call must not go unanswered.
whole societies can also try to improve their happiness.
but people do remember what nato is about.
don’t bet on it.
in the 1990s, the toll fell to 100,000 a year.
such an overhaul should address several key priorities.
but they are still our best safeguard against arbitrary rule.
of what, precisely, is murdoch guilty?
the last extinction
nevertheless, 30 senators voted against bernanke.
should children take antidepressants?
ghanaians are not alone in voicing such concerns.
almost one might think the world wished to suffer.
everything else can be worked out.
underlying the failure in copenhagen are some deep problems.
that chance, if it comes, must not be wasted.
their labor-market, social-welfare, and competition policies vary.
thirty years ago, i participated in similar east/west debates.
but stealing technology is wrong.
2009 will be a tough year.
so how do we make this happen?
in a hypersensitive reality, stupidity equals malice.
those who are killed are quickly replaced.
they realize that religious freedom must be championed for all.
the story played out in the news media every day.
take the example of computers.
the psychiatrist arnold m.
but this, too, principally benefited the middle classes.
finally, structural reforms require time to take effect.
but modernization à la carte is an illusion.
but an explicit price-level target would help more.
this result was highly publicized.
they would create european families, with european children.
but this is a false dichotomy.
that is how human bodies are designed to metabolize food.
the new system of health co-payments requires redesign.
the army has a special place in its society.
since then i have followed hers career closely.
healthy people are more productive.
china has the opposite problem.
karl marx famously wrote that history repeats itself as farce.
but, equally important, attitudes among industry leaders are also shifting.
power is the ability to get the outcomes one wants.
china has been equally active to its south and west.
they should use the resulting instruments and powers preemptively.
and those efforts are taking place largely at sea.
but the stakes are too high to abandon engagement.
true, high border taxes could boost us employment.
but clinton has also created some of him own problems.
but perhaps she knows better.
for now, xi’s grip on power is probably secure.
the problems are legion.
the second item on the agenda should be labor-market reform.
cambridge – ever since edward j.
and if so, who?
to date, this has not happened.
how things have changed in the last five years!
we were shown around the maximum-security wing.
why don’t the poor countries grow more rapidly?
bailout funds and eurobonds were an invitation to moral hazard.
he opposed the formation of nato.
london – is europe’s crisis over?
physical exercise makes people not only healthier, but also happier.
and even that would not suffice.
this week, the opposition's stipe mesic won croatia's presidency.
the result is that chileans save too little for retirement.
– they faced only defeat, repression, and futility.
modernization runs into the opposite problems.
societies that fail to attract foreign brains stagnate.
by holding the election now, may is avoiding this risk.
only a joint response can be effective.
but mind control is not just a literary trope.
now that is a goal worth pursuing.
will china confront a revolution of rising expectations?
it is about an american electorate yearning for democratic reforms.
president mohamed magariaf later confirmed this view.
these commodities, after all, are priced in us dollars.
the government has responded forcefully on four fronts.
these are laudable aims.
today, however, it is becoming the privilege of the few.
property rights and zoning.
single parents should receive additional support.
she has undoubtedly taken money from countless russian oligarchs.
worse, they speculate on what other currency holders will think.
answering these will require a redefinition of economic sovereignty.
until recently, trade policy overwhelmingly served liberalization.
some are starting to emerge.
this does not make sense to me.
for this, the us alone spent up to $3 trillion.
the consequences of a trump shock
so what happens now?
and adding sugar is particularly egregious.
and indeed they are.
better still would be coordinated fiscal stimulus across northern europe.
but agenda setting is just the first step.
trust is a vital commodity for all politicians.
virtually no country has escaped.
after taking these steps, the payments system would be safe.
perhaps they risk more than can be justified.
they don’t diet or exercise.
even relations with the north may be slightly more predictable.
demographic change has certainly been swift.
indian-style socialism was a compound of nationalism and idealism.
west virginia’s bout of default and restructuring lasted until 1919.
in mosul, the fighting is not a civil war.
this doesn’t, however, make poverty genetic.
pressing risk-related questions require deliberate action on an international scale.
but they should not be alone.
this is no small undertaking, and requires passion and tenacity.
does that sound like someone seeking reconciliation with the eu?
the democrats, meanwhile, are divided.
democratic governments are too complicated for that.
seven more years of hard times?
the reason that he is not, i suspect, is racism.
the sustainability mindset
this shouldn’t be too surprising.
moreover, obama has joined george w.
what would all these countries do with all that money?
here, however, we run into trouble.
reality was whatever the ruling party said it was.
germany rarely expects solidarity from its european partners.
this time, however, the politics will be democratic.
consider the case of france.
polar ice and glaciers are melting at an accelerating rate.
and that means further depreciation of the dollar.
even in this area, however, the recent news is good.
what’s more, this gigantic fire was live on prime-time news.
only the homeowners are liable.
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of his times.
the main question now is whether rouhani can be trusted.
palestinians deserve a state.
the country was worse prepared for disaster than most others.
second, the world now has 60 million refugees.
how many european recessions?
yet it has also proved dysfunctional in important ways.
but privatization cannot substitute for delayed actions.
education today is a security issue.
in some cases, the vote simply tracked domestic politics.
i once believed that, too.
he follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
the larger challenge facing ramaphosa comes from the state itself.
two other temptations must also be resisted.
the results are striking.
these proposals are both growth-enhancing and equity-enhancing.
as a result, many lack marketable skills.
the police choked the sisters with plastic bags.
the us manifestly feels the same way.
yet the results are dismal.
this stance is unacceptable.
there will always be work to be done.
greenhouse or poorhouse?
to be sure, a cross-border merger is a radical proposal.
maintaining relatively tight liquidity, however, also has serious consequences.
of course, the idea is far from new.
none of this is all or nothing.
and hers arrest seems to be just the beginning.
arguably, germany’s biggest economic weakness today is low private investment.
nevertheless, the “fencing-in” of the rich world continues apace.
the trust between the governing parties is gone.
so much for the laughs.
this turn of events comes at a price.
they are passive users, not active creators.
what’s the problem with advanced economies?
he didn’t ignore it.
in hers book profiles in courage, john f.
one can try to understand it at three levels.
the only alternative was re-industrialization.
yet progress has been mixed, particularly in west africa.
hong kong – visiting hong kong is a true pleasure.
this trend has gathered momentum in recent months.
why do foreigners have such a huge appetite for greenbacks?
third, the drug ladies should be arrested and detained.
no one is expecting a damascene conversion.
the worst, sadly, is yet to come.
economic advancement is taken to mean westernization or worse, indianization.
unlike yushchenko, he was denied.
we stand on the threshold of a new multilateralism.
but that is why it is essential to begin today.
plastic pollution is a defining problem of the anthropocene.
there are two possible routes.
yet there are some serious gaps in the argument.
here, the institutional landscape is both crowded and unsettled.
this is an ambitious agenda.
children are our future.
alas, the story doesn’t end there.
to protect every child, polio must be eradicated globally.
that doesn’t necessarily have to mean open kinetic warfare.
it was a masterful play on putin’s part.
the us should start planning for that day now.
the pattern is always the same.
the government, of course, is the consummate service-intensive sector.
but there are other, broader opportunities.
david scheffer, the u.s.
freedom, protection and progress.
the intelligence concerning assad’s atrocities against hers own is irrefutable.
what is troubling is the seeming permanence of its mission.
social media is no substitute for a diplomatic cable.
only the german electorate is qualified to decide.
with trump, it is being snuffed out again.
one is a long-run path of sustainable debt.
such notions go back a long way.
but this is not at all what we have seen.
sydney – in november 1965, us president lyndon b.
there are good reasons for this divide.
so does the next generation.
paris – europe is falling into a stagnation trap.
but speculation is not necessarily destabilizing.
turkey should reflect on its position.
to do this, they restrict monetary and budgetary policies.
what needs to be done?
but why defend the arrest in a televised statement?
teachers take their job seriously.
clearly, no one in europe should underestimate the challenges ahead.
miraculously, amina, him parents, and two younger sisters survived.
park is being ridiculed as choi’s puppet.
nothing could be further from the truth.
in yeltsin’s case, putin kept hers end of the bargain.
indeed, art is the last great unregulated investment opportunity.
otherwise, it is difficult to imagine further eu enlargement.
the question was, what conditions would be imposed on greece?
national governments still account for the large majority of financing.
presidential candidates are, in reality, freelancers.
is blasphemy hate speech?
to put it bluntly, that is not enough.
brazil is well positioned to escape the middle-income trap.
and the plan has been working.
nato cannot afford to make that mistake again.
this must not continue.
is the country mexico in 1994-1995?
let us begin in europe.
this implies that trade diversion could be substantial.
how much change does piñera represent for chile?
real peace presupposes agreement between enemies , not friends.
last but not least, demography is helping.
but it did not.
to remedy this, we need two kinds of transitions.
some call for it to be banned outright.
so far, the evidence is mixed.
such hopes were short-lived.
by the time rescuers arrived, brancheau was dead.
that would impose tough fiscal discipline, indeed.
but is that true?
yet europe’s potential contribution should not be underestimated.
president george w.
so policymakers are facing difficult challenges.
but, in today’s world, nothing can substitute for fiscal expansion.
greece’s finance minister, yanis varoufakis, knows this very well.
i continue to ask myself, “why?”
millions?
at the core of the problem is currency.
rather, the issue is the existence of the weapons themselves.
scientific capitalism
but a simulacrum falls apart much faster.
no more time for nostalgia.
putin is no king lear.
the same goes for brexit.
socialism had its day in court, and was found wanting.
another would periodically make quacking noises.
my journey with che
history provides some perspective.
integration is possible.
the promises of quick medical applications may have been over-stated.
in the absence of empirical research, generalizations must be guesswork.
but we can begin the process with three steps.
these zero-carbon solutions will extend beyond any country’s borders.
this situation is now close to being reversed.
president putin's keen political antenna has caught this trend.
one afrikaner leader, f.w.
assad must kill them all.
leaders on both sides understand their countries’ growth challenges.
what is legal, they think, is also legitimate.
no democracy is perfect or constant.
but china continues to take technology from us companies.
but his margin over le pen could falter.
bush to support moving to a new strategic paradigm.
but that is only the first step.
i understand the importance of changing the two-party system.
the current-account balance reflects the difference between exports and imports.
argentina defaulted on its debt in 2001.
they also stated their commitment to fight the ebola crisis.
men are willing to make partnerships to make progress.
financial markets returned to their pre-hoax level.
and a country’s judiciary is chief among those institutions.
continued threats of ever-higher tax burdens could prove dangerously counterproductive.
governments must galvanize this transformation.
the oil-producing countries have suffered a sudden reversal of fortune.
great achievements are possible when the atlantic community is united.
of course, cobham’s proposed regulation would carry significant administrative costs.
the third important actress was japan’s labor unions.
until it wasn’t.
by now, all of this is well understood.
shafiq’s success shocked many revolutionaries.
he’s a bad negotiator.
i believe that huntington is wrong on both counts.
but he can’t.
pakistan is badly fractured, with domestic terrorism running rampant.
that is what the world must do.
we must not let our boys down.
low-cost exports were struggling as labor costs rose.
if only there were emergency crews on the ground.
no middle way was possible.
they use emotive rhetoric.
for this, zidane was not only admired, but also respected.
soldiers had no clothes to protect them from freezing cold.
indeed, they confidently wait for assimilation to kick in.
no wonder global growth keeps on disappointing.
globally, investing in polio eradication helps everyone.
realizing that vision requires investment, innovation, and learning across countries.
public-sector investment will shift toward education and r&d.
a few compromises were made.
indeed, some 40,000 israelis reside in silicon valley alone.
my native taiwan is now a high-income economy.
so the air above the city heats up.
yet extreme poverty and stagnant growth remain widespread.
all are darlings of the local business community.
how, then, will china’s new leaders respond?
the region’s new geopolitical realities demand new political arrangements.
ukraine’s people have renewed their self-respect through courage and resolution.
the fata tribesmen are completely aware of this situation.
instead, they were “early warnings” offered by dissenting voices.
we are just one organization.
but governance on the internet is far more complex.
three lessons for the rest of us come to mind.
every dollar allocated to infrastructure needs to stretch much further.
among the proposed answers are variants of monetary finance.
china should also reform its subsidy programs and industrial-policy regime.
if president george w.
that low number surprised many observers.
how can we avoid the americanization of pax africana ?
life is never black and white.
in the seminal school segregation case brown v.
can his consistent performance really be attributed to luck?
its neighbors could surely follow in its footsteps.
i am skeptical.
the subprime-induced storm ended that fair-weather complacency.
by contrast, asia's capitalists are glum.
the way forward is difficult.
third, terrorism needs to be checked.
tiananmen square revisited
among us presidents, john f.
but not all is well in america either.
venezuela had become a magnificent business opportunity for colombian exporters.
finally, china needs a new energy strategy.
changing constitutions is always a risky business.
to be sure, chinese authorities face a daunting task.
in an era of globalization, there are no innocent bystanders.
but, if anything, kopacz’s proposal was too modest.
this, too, sounds good, but what exactly does it mean?
this argument has been ignored.
this transfer of functions has already begun.
some states lacked the resources to pay.
this strategy is not without risk.
the ongoing darfur conflict illustrates the problem.
in new zealand, the bank’s governor is the sole decision-maker.
at first, few dac donors took advantage of it.
anger is especially rife among young people.
the case against european fiscal governance is straightforward.
yeltsin once spoke about his scheme to link two centrists.
japan is a brutal case in point here.
yet little was done.
when abusers are unmasked, they often seek to deflect blame.
full details of the settlement have not been disclosed.
both technology and politics could of course upend this prediction.
but it would be a mistake to underestimate her seriousness.
but the evidence for this claim is meager and anecdotal.
but china faces serious risks at home.
we do not know what will happen next.
he was furious.
little in china today speaks of moderation.
as wars end, diplomatic and political autopsies begin.
all manner of new legal and constitutional difficulties constantly arise.
purely philanthropic foundations face major constraints.
yet little is being done to stop this criminal activity.
those expectations turned out to be illusory.
but firms also care about what their competitors do.
now singapore has legalized payments to organ donors.
without these components, the model collapses.
cut off from credit, argentina entered a deflationary spiral.
the ideology is out there.
this islamist ideology is a spectrum.
our biggest banks must become simpler.
"become who you are," wrote the philosopher friedrich nietzsche.
inclusion is the less dangerous path.
successful societies are a diverse lot.
that is the purpose of strategic environmental assessments (seas).
some of hers supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections.
there may not be many more chances.
european integration has rarely been affected by the left/right divide.
the second problem is imf programs.
britain is wondering whether it should exit.
these questions and many others remain to be answered.
an academic setting provides a wonderful intellectual laboratory.
land-mines defile the countryside.
but if the ceo is not accountable, who is?
sadly, india did not learn from other countries’ experience.
but loan waivers are only a temporary fix.
she could not be more wrong.
i doubt it.
only real judicial proceedings can prove their guilt or innocence.
much to my surprise, the waitress looked overjoyed.
o africa.”
a new temporary tax cut would not work.
technological innovation and increased energy efficiency have considerable potential.
vajpayee should test pakistan's seriousness on this point.
in that case, what would tourists do instead?
we now know the answer: a great deal.
peace process or real peace?
much of this discussion can take place in private.
but the fundamental risks to the global economy remain.
these examples should warn us away from three current tendencies.
would they allow me to carry out this magic trick?
but can they manage an executive branch employing millions?
for eight years, george w.
but, in the early 1970’s, president richard m.
nixon expanded the scope of affirmative action.
that means making disclosure statements readable.
london – what defines a modern human?
sterling has plunged.
until now, they have shown little awareness of the urgency.
one can only pity the southern european countries.
china also objected to japanese statements about taiwan.
but no such response emerged.
always permissible, made banal, it is indispensable.
there is near-universal loss of trust in institutions and leaders.
but both are closing down in many countries.
but this might be wishful thinking.
that proposal fell in two parts.
now, he has the opportunity to follow through.
for mahbubani, the “lessons of europe” are crystal clear.
keeping somalia’s sea-borne supply line open is imperative.
time is running out for success in afghanistan.
russia has been acting dangerously in eastern and central europe.
there are two reasons to doubt that it can.
form does not guarantee function.
now, we are looking for more partners.
they also mark the limits of culture and national identity.
many protesters insist in remaining leaderless, which is a mistake.
now she wants the car industry.
such institutions can and often do advance us national interests.
“cricket diplomacy” is not new on the subcontinent.
it was to be the theme of hers presidency.
they are idealized reflections of the self.
economics is now global, but politics remains local.
clearly, america's current account deficit is unsustainable.
and south africa’s last apartheid leader, f.
the saudis did not like the recent meeting.
the social investment revolution
the unthinkable can happen.
consider the international monetary fund’s regular projections of world growth.
infrastructure investment would then follow.
consider los angeles.
why is this politician saying nice things about that politician?
nor was it simply a very expensive hobby.
will developing countries weather the storm?
why does he seem to despise the eu so deeply?
then came the euro crisis.
by some estimates, since president lyndon b.
many europeans see themselves as champions of global fair play.
but this would not improve matters.
at one extreme are groups like boko haram.
the same could be said of anti-globalization today.
and you would be half right.
they remain free, and nobody is looking for them.
they trust their government to deal with problems over time.
but merkel’s statement meant nothing of the sort.
they also lack a vibrant civil society.
yes and no.
predation is an entirely appropriate term for these banks’ activities.
the politicization of foreign aid reflects the same hubris.
it all sounds like a utopian dream.
where is the sticking point?
but it is also a distant goal.
rather, they are agencies for pursuing the public good.
the end of malaria?
biology was no exception.
i am not talking about a two‑speed europe.
the strategy worked well initially by bringing much-needed price stability.
of course not.
but that energy can go only so far without education.
but these are appearances.
but it will not happen without a huge national effort.
the cost to democracy, however, is immeasurable.
the imbalances only worsened.
alas, this experience is being repeated.
the best-known application of this principle is federalism.
the bush's administration has brought all of this upon itself.
in all our menus we have soup - just that.
the review will also highlight innovative approaches to addressing resistance.
several factors have contributed to the popularity of african eurobonds.
and how can voters judge the two candidates?
that sounds straightforward.
the problem is the climate of expectations.
instead, governments are laboring with the sheer number of sdgs.
snow echoed his boss.
new york – these are interesting times in china.
for the moment, all this is still utopian.
internal and international inequalities have been increasing at breakneck speed.
why are advanced-country populations so fearful of outsiders?
a difference in treatment is not discriminatory in itself.
it could hardly be otherwise.
pardon the economist’s stock answer: it all depends.
china may well be able to meet the challenge ahead.
they know it, and the shia know it as well.
are china’s banks next?
the democrat party last won a parliamentary majority in 1992.
the left, in turn, claims to stand for equality.
but that outcome would face significant opposition.
that is why it was called neo-liberalism.
but don't hold your breath.
iraq is a case in point.
the german edition is already a bestseller.
the school’s principal tried to save her students.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar boys of journalism.
thus, the mechanics of the common funnel are different.
up to €89 billion in such loans is currently outstanding.
today’s foreign-affairs crisis goes well beyond afghanistan and iraq.
illegal logging crews number 200 or more.
the regime wants to change this pattern.
but that doesn’t quite work, either.
no doubt, this approach must be included.
hence their mantra: no additional taxes.
and judges cannot strike down legislation.
it makes evolutionary sense to reward such feelings.
unfortunately, arendt’s farce has become our reality.
moreover, this “global nato” has raised concerns among great powers.
but such is the european condition.
such existing-asset finance does not directly stimulate investment or consumption.
even some in the vatican feared this outcome.
nor would it want to make dollar-denominated loans.
new york – political economy has come a long way.
the education reform will change this.
argentina’s fourth lesson takes the form of a cautionary tale.
following machiavelli, they would rather be feared than loved.
russia is generating it, but the process will take time.
the outcome is widespread alcoholism, poverty, and lack of prospects.
in mexico, the presidency is up for grabs.
on april 2, france and europe will be present.
european solidarity is not a one-way street.
even the most stability-obsessed countries have made unexpected moves.
this is desperation migration.
we know what happened in both countries.
the most notable example is russia.
but government-imposed restrictions on cross-border mobility are generating negative outcomes.
poland and slovakia fall somewhere in between.
infrastructure can be updated and strengthened.
first, baghdad had been transformed into a shiite-dominated city.
a number of answers have been suggested, from lawrence h.
overall, however, the result is far from zero.
l: like here.
afghanistan is slipping from control.
october 24 is 350 day.
two points of rajan’s story need to be emphasized.
that was not inevitable.
but major barriers prevent women from seizing these opportunities.
and they are.
moreover, migrants spend about 85% of their earnings domestically.
this is one contest that russia absolutely must win.
if this stifles individual enterprise, then so be it.
old structures are crumbling and being replaced.
china’s new, more emollient diplomacy underpins a nuanced foreign policy.
perhaps 1,000 people who paid $2,995 each.
the current co2 price in europe is $8.
she was all but laughed out of the race.
but there are some suggestive assessments.
liberal democracy is essentially the last man standing in iran.
that is not an ethical attitude.
in fact, since wwii, only george w.
bush’s economic advisers have broken with this consensus.
bolsonaro is not alone.
the annual cost?
a new development bank is clearly needed.
they promise workers and consumers generous social insurance.
men find themselves cut off from training and support.
iohannis acknowledged both imperatives in hers first public declaration.
it may not be true for much longer.
with this, tax receipts grow while debt remains stable.
that is not surprising, for three reasons.
milan – a winter election is not to italian tastes.
the actual truth was irrelevant.
unfortunately, this is a great exaggeration.
that remains true today.
this is an essential point that biology should retain.
he or he heads an “office,” not a full-fledged organization.
mckinsey’s findings challenge several common beliefs about independent work.
thus, a surprise terrorist attack could unnerve global markets.
standing next to you, however, is a very large stranger.
will this tame iran?
change was anathema, risk to be avoided at all costs.
and why should they?
but now the emerging-market blues are back.
abbas and oguya represent a new class of male innovators.
the dutch solution can work for other european countries.
we learned a lot from that experience.
he should prepare to rack up a formidable bill.
but this argument no longer seems convincing.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mr.
this holds peril for us-eu relations.
trump’s campaign against hillary clinton should have taught her that.
the result is a debt overhang of 282% of gdp.
for one thing, hers skepticism toward multilateral institutions runs deep.
the last thing china needs right now is more enemies.
italy is, in an important sense, europe’s japan.
the hero of this effort, dr.
but it did not prevail.
myanmar is a notorious example.
none of this can occur in a vacuum.
churning this turmoil into frenzy is the illegal drug trade.
it is now a humanitarian crisis by design.
predictably, the fed’s critics are up in arms.
common variants typically explain a small fraction of genetic risk.
there were also domestic considerations at work.
but it never caught on.
migrants of all skill levels contribute to this effect.
the reform paid little attention to some key realities.
better economic policies cannot cure all social or cultural ills.
unfortunately, hers remains a lonely voice.
(2) hoarding disorder.
the future of the uk and europe remains uncertain.
despite renewed efforts, however, the battle remains undecided.
in short, the deal’s implementation seems all but assured.
there should be nothing surprising about this.
the right green industrial policies
europe has plenty of those.
it must also be economically viable and socially accepted.
but it would be worth considering.
second, trade wars fanned geopolitical tensions.
old stereotypes and inappropriate historical memories have reappeared.
we need a smarter approach to tackling climate change.
answering that should be a simple, technocratic cost-benefit calculation.
some of the new purchasers have a similar attitude.
they are the lucky ones.
there is, however, a silver lining for reformers.
former us secretary of state james a.
in him speeches, cristina modulates him voice as evita did.
his misguided efforts at compromise only fuel his opponents’ frenzy.
president george w.
bush’s iraqi patient now seems to have reached that point.
since then, i have not been alone.
i have always been very open about my activities.
consider, for example, the relationship between industrialization and inequality.
the chances of success are near zero.
joaquin navarro-valls, the vatican press officer.
yet one in every three young people is unemployed.
but, though well-intended, the principles are woefully inadequate.
in argentina one bumbling president succeeds the next.
all of this will drain the cpc’s limited resources.
we may soon learn the answer.
the same should go for patenting it.
the second option is serious, concerted structural reform.
she has not.
she was tired but feisty.
clinicians are not alone in studying ketamine’s potential.
exit cannot be decided by parliament through ordinary procedure.
this, in a sense, is an easier conflict to resolve.
but that did not happen.
but gul and erdogan are signaling that they cannot.
georgia should be neither pro-russian nor pro-american.
but these innovations do not seem to have been widespread.
president george w.
it can also result in a misallocation of labor.
bush prevailed in the electoral college.
where has global warming gone?
a strong dollar is not good for asia, either.
or maybe not.
princeton – the world should be worried.
in these circumstances, india needs, above all, decisive leadership.
without this right, elections may not add up to democracy.
or has post-crisis regulatory reform done its job?
those changes will not be easy to carry out.
figueres suggested during a recent conference.
a number of factors enabled iraq to increase its output.
the us must avoid this temptation.
still, jefferson had it right.
for europe, these developments amount to a major shock.
first, some of them are conceptually erroneous.
the husband, reading the morning newspaper, exclaims, “great scott!
but the whole world cannot devalue against other planets.
that should be a spur to policy action.
leaving emu would be a costly option for weak-performing countries.
“could you please pass along this message to juan tigar?
the needs of aging populations will add to these pressures.
is dynastic succession becoming the norm throughout asia?
can the euro be saved?
despite this, artificial life-support has worked.
is apple a technology company or a luxury watchmaker?
are we russians really the enemy?
and it will get worse.
start first with the distribution of economic power.
consider the following example.
this situation contrasts sharply with the european union’s narrative.
about half of all people covered by medicaid are children.
is globalization coming or going?
we saudis have failed to do the same.
october 9, 2006 will become a day to remember.
but the panic that emu may disintegrate is overdone.
parents or gods?
her human capital was no match for his financial capital.
but the defensive-war justification doesn’t hold water.
first, the good news.
as the crisis unfolded, millions confronted deteriorating living conditions.
the turkish-russian relationship has warmed recently, but not by much.
the eu cannot afford any more cracks.
to repay, the firm must purchase dollars.
the debtor countries would regain their competitiveness.
this retarded competition.
media bosses were appointed and controlled by the government.
it required them to report delays.
today, we are a big society on a small planet.
win or lose, that is unlikely to change.
but even this reduced level is not sustainable.
and it is not only the monks who are united.
these cities have also benefited from more efficient public transportation.
perhaps not surprisingly, non-nuclear-weapon states see things differently.
indeed, its performance continues to astound me.
those days are over.
the regulatory response has been similarly lopsided.
at first glance, this might seem counter-intuitive.
, what does it mean to be a muslim?
, and how to experience islam?
a step closer to brexit?
as a deflationary event, the great depression remains unique.
middle east security in 2014
but don’t count on it.
attitudes formed in such congenial circumstances die hard.
the dictators remained, however, molotov and stalin among them.
his answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
here, human-rights concerns pose serious difficulties.
there are, however, many successful policy initiatives in the us.
napoleon took this as a casus belli and invaded russia.
that’s about it.
bush knows his strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
other economies are growing at relatively high rates, too.
after the war, she returned to politics.
naysayers abound, but never mind them.
is the financial sector safe enough yet?
syria's situation is similar, but different.
more must follow.
in iraq, some of these steps have already been taken.
one can only hope they heed it.
in short, voting rights were exchanged for property rights.
many of the emerging-market countries, for example, are still underrepresented.
new york – the past stalked europe in 2014.
for example, the u.s.
people do the same thing.
even worse beckons.
but parasites make us uneasy in another way.
here, at last, was the smoking gun.
but that was not what we did.
should profane contracts be sanctified?
but the darkest clouds were on the cyber front.
but they were there.
most important, the country’s economy has become highly leveraged.
we can achieve a world-changing education revolution within a generation.
from that standpoint, the israel-palestine conflict is exemplary.
the chinese communist party is not very communist any more.
lack of competition is typically due to over-regulation.
states, after all, are usually the forces suppressing their demands.
ultimately, chernobyl changed the world.
in both cases, the roots of the crisis were domestic.
china should stand ready to pick up the slack.
there is no credible intelligence penetration of these organizations.
the myth of climate wars?
these supply dynamics are shaped by politics.
effective policymaking requires the best available data.
under maduro’s watch, basic services have ceased functioning.
small wonder, then, that western populations look ahead with foreboding.
geneva – the climate crisis is also a health crisis.
such a decision-making system must be transparent, participatory, and accountable.
they are woefully underfunded.
abbas must also share power with more disciplined, younger leaders.
this implies a 17% undervaluation of the euro.
go back a generation further, and the number rises higher.
as usual with such initiatives, implementation matters.
what if all workplaces were like that?
no “honeymoon” period: we must oppose macron immediately.
at first it seems baffling.
there are important lessons to be learned from such outcomes.
the answer to all three questions is simple: never.
courts’ inefficiency protects insiders and impedes entrepreneurship.
likewise, he expended considerable effort agitating against america’s military draft.
my plans changed, however, when my mother got ill.
and one option stands out: online learning.
the law, too, is giving democracy here a boost.
this too will dampen demand.
indeed, trade intensity may decline even for manufactured goods.
the ruble is falling like a stone.
climate change ever more clearly threatens our planet.
what is to be learned from all this?
greens for trump?
then there is the issue of scale.
in donald trump’s america, they are more important than ever.
so our confidence is not shaken, yet.
it is vital for india’s survival.
but a strong leader is not necessarily an autocratic leader.
the standard treatment for tb is unacceptably antiquated.
no longer are all us citizens americans.
a key concern is enforcement.
and banks were saddled with large exposures.
the labor force is predominantly low-skilled.
worse, its political alliance with pakistan has frayed.
the crew had jumped ship.
so when france suffers, europe suffers.
count me among the skeptics.
now peres is israel’s president, while netanyahu heads likud.
and they are environmentally dirty to boot.
rome – when history repeats itself, it is rarely gentle.
rewarding success is acceptable; rewarding failure is not.
recession will become depression.
such investigations are already underway in some regions.
i have known mrs.
ignatiev since 1991.
technically, this would not be hard to implement.
like the spanish, they were used to it.
it is decision time for erdoğan.
which intervention policies are legitimate, and which are not?
this is not meant to take anything away from lula.
we know some of the causes of these trends.
the most ancient in our family was nanny grusha.
nor have they been completely passive.
non-state actresses control important parts of the two river basins.
finally, consider khodorkovsky and lebedev themselves.
but they are unlikely to derail his government.
and the budget deficit has reached 7% of gdp.
this highlights a significant problem for latin america.
perhaps it is not even desirable.
some countries have bucked the global trend.
in fact, central banks typically only have very fuzzy measures.
only time will tell.
if anything, bias toward males is stronger in christian families.
unfortunately, the current us administration lacks any such strategic vision.
- conserve irrigation water.
there is no time to waste.
if delayed, their effect is likely to be minimal.
both groups are growing.
this isn’t rocket science or capping deep-sea oil blowouts.
the muslim sisterhood is not such a party.
yet, even in today’s world, its energy potential is ignored.
dollar over the course of these years.
can she incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
in tunisia, the banned islamist party ennahdha (renaissance) was absent.
there is simply too much at stake.
trump is making a mistake.
furthermore, informal employment deprives governments of substantial tax revenues.
our economies are still on life support.
nor are they trivial: the largest u.s.
we invite the world to join us.
of course, there are important differences between turkey and india.
the result is deteriorating infrastructure, including roads, bridges, and schools.
various solutions have been proposed.
only then will i be able to express an opinion.
critics point to governments’ gaping budget deficits.
european leaders need to get serious about europe’s cocaine problem.
the parties remain sharply divided on several fundamental questions.
but it is.
it is only the beginning, but europe must start somewhere.
all indian news channels have been dropped from cable networks.
of course, some corporations will get away with cheating.
the economist demurred.
but reveling in the country’s monarchical history can be dangerous.
bush’s policies more effectively.
but racialized drugs?
yet the palestinians have displayed a profound capacity for resistance.
germany and turkey stand out.
none of this has happened.
what is needed is coordinated restructuring and policy setting.
trump ignores the lessons of the 1930s at great peril.
instead, they should focus public attention on valid arguments.
but the distribution of that bounty has been very unequal.
paris: who lost russia?
this new agency already has immense potential.
which route will britain follow?
stringent patent rules and international investor tribunals are prime examples.
this is particularly relevant to asia’s growth story.
but his recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
this points to an additional challenge: cost.
this development was anything but accidental.
hers success was never to the detriment of others.
but what will these banks do with the funds?
to escape this mess, four principles should guide the way.
anyone who beats the market must simply be lucky.
daud haider, a journalist and poet, languishes in berlin.
stop it now!
age limits are always to some extent arbitrary.
other possible priorities hardly ever entered political discussions.
poverty, cronyism, and official corruption heighten this popular frustration.
but should it?
industrial production is 7% below its pre-crisis peak in 2008.
politically and institutionally, however, latin america’s weaknesses and perils worsened.
libya is entirely different.
the fructose content of a soft drink is 5.3%.
surpluses are applied to repaying debt, and borrowing finances deficits.
an aggressive russia expanding its territorial reach.
yes, civilization seems to be on the defensive.
internet “gateways” mainly supervise and filter political information in china.
but once in, the pressure was off.
first, bioethics review committees must respect due-process standards.
decarbonization is feasible, though by no means easy.
but neither approach will succeed without mutual accommodation.
and, ironically, one place to look for inspiration is china.
recent volatility reinforces this temptation.
change itself accelerates.
it is the course we are on.
investments with significant anti-competitive effects must be modified or blocked.
the common fear of iran is a major consideration here.
my concern stems from three reasons.
yet the underdog won by a comfortable margin.
economic problems could of course originate from international political events.
that does not mean cutting foreign aid.
yet we can ask an even simpler question.
the country's new leadership must renegotiate argentina's debts.
the result is widespread food insecurity.
so, what to do?
the result of this check is telling.
his rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
some scientists believe africa’s genetic sub-type is more easily transmitted.
so which is it: are banks still at risk?
but it is also triggered by information.
but there was also a problem with the pitch.
if inflow exceeds outflow, prevalence rises.
most were subsequently derailed or ended in failure.
the french are happy to hear that.
we need not feel sorry for mladić.
the crisis has underscored the utmost importance of macro-prudential regulation.
the point is that it is less visible.
in other words, russia’s putinist ideocracy is patently illegal.
there are no shortcuts.
in a sense, that change has now arrived.
eight years on, europe knows better.
so the us is, in fact, doing better.
long live latin america.
so what happens next?
nor is the us immune.
democracies are feeling the effects of growing populism.
geremek fought for this poland.
a new deal for debt overhangs?
he chose the people.
“we like each other.
let’s look at each of these controversies in turn.
us policymakers would have to weigh this risk seriously.
the chance that mr.
unfortunately, those rules have proved completely ineffective.
doing more would have been seen as a dangerous escalation.
both claims are most likely true.
since his election, he has said little more.
but that doesn’t mean that religion should be discounted.
and it will not reassure consumers or investors.
next came leung chun-ying, the current governor.
copenhagen is the venue for the meeting.
similar initiatives are afoot in northeast asia.
they are actually its hope.
but are asian governments prepared to abandon their mercantilist paradigm?
these measures are achievable by 2010.
this dilemma is particularly stark for the united kingdom.
this leaves them economically vulnerable when divorce or widowhood strikes.
this trend must continue – for environmental and economic reasons.
is jobless growth inevitable?
kuchma's tame courts failed to pursue.
blockchain technology makes transactions virtually tamper-proof.
this strengthened hamas, contributing to hamas’s electoral victory.
there is still time to get this right.
will the second edo be able to resist chinese ambitions?
contrary to public perception, corporate managers are not entrepreneurs.
that means assembling winning congressional coalitions.
president yushchenko should do the same.
but they are not.
part of the problem is the lingering embargo.
sometimes, however, whistles do need to be blown.
how could pay arrangements be redesigned to address these problems?
is it true that democracies never fight each other?
but iran has also fueled sectarianism in the region.
instead, they must join their peers in building the future.
they have fueled tensions among member states.
he treated the issue head-on, and intelligently.
china must choose between higher growth and faster structural adjustment.
new haven – codependency never ends well in personal relationships.
this incongruity is not limited to europe.
what, then, does this imply with respect to north korea?
they slowed economic reform and ceased political reforms.
given their disagreements with the obama and george w.
that seems too generous.
fathers also benefit from breastfeeding.
conceivable outcomes range from mildly reassuring to utterly catastrophic.
the decision to nominate bernanke is sensible on two counts.
the other common denominator of this group is wealth.
lebanon is at a historic crossroad.
it led the world in science, technology, and infrastructure.
that would clearly be nonsense.
this is precisely what happened.
many other names could be added to the list.
they are on a death spiral.
in the first place, the critics get their history wrong.
this time, the entire shortfall must be covered.
when actions begin that manifest the thought in reality?
many are low-income workers who would otherwise be unemployed.
this is somewhat surprising.
should decent people put their money in emerging-market bond funds?
changes in population policies and norms can reduce birth rates.
how much further will the dollar fall?
the brexit endgame itself is far from clear.
this creed has clearly not survived its creator.
they must help to change that.
let us hope that officials elsewhere will do better.
we know how to ward off discrimination in hiring.
the current crisis suggests that this is no longer enough.
they formed perfect targets.
osama bin laden was very adept at narrative.
but the term “islamofascism” was not coined for nothing.
but the reality of the talks is very different.
that would satisfy both the us and pakistan.
that should be the imf’s core function.
factories float between countries to take advantage of lower costs.
competition would thus spread outward.
bill clinton continued those cuts in the 1990’s.
a greek suicide?
zuma senses the urgency of the situation.
the world must end this paralysis.
cracks are emerging in duterte’s political armor.
antoon maintains that it was also a crime.
one key tool is the mobile phone.
advocates of helicopter money rely on two claims.
expect more such packages in the future.
attenborough’s heart is no doubt in the right place.
suddenly, polish plumbers were inundating the “old” member states.
is this a significant switch?
but the problem goes beyond supply constraints.
in a classical left-right contest he can only lose.
in the west, the share is closer to 3%.
another crucial factor is continued violence.
there is no easy answer.
that disconnect has severe adverse implications for africa’s prospects.
refusing to eat beef is common in these states.
but china’s rulers know that this situation is unsustainable.
it will not, as america's racial history clearly shows.
instead of foreign investors jumping in, capital is flooding out.
this question applies to other symptoms as well.
his courage was matched only by his determination and humor.
the irish are in the same position now.
then came the global crisis.
but if you prefer satellite data, the picture is similar.
why do we have such an overgrown system?
money is even easier to manipulate when it is internationalized.
she is certainly well aware of the fragility of power.
defend nato allies.
the west no longer believes anything he says.
won the presidency and a strong parliamentary majority.
consider russia’s 1998 financial crisis.
enlargement will undoubtedly pose many practical problems.
during my career, the senate confirmed me five times.
democracy, prosperity, and peace all seemed firmly entrenched.
similar stories could be told about singapore and hong kong.
economic growth and geography were the powerful determinants.
that is a reasonable response.
but we must act now.
silicon valley or demand mountain?
this is an uncomfortable middle way.
that is what the chinese government has begun to do.
reforming or deforming the fed?
the large oil and gas companies are very active, too.
so why did the deal take place now?
today, the global fund stands at a crossroads.
that is the source of our strength.
don't bet on it.
but another part of our legacy is environmental.
they may not be sufficient to save universities from bankruptcy.
musharraf must assess what will be his legacy.
the third alternative is the one embraced by several economists.
could the answer be a bit of both?
she grit her teeth and gave in.
your genes or mine, how different are we?
the problem our societies are facing is massive.
they are only slightly positive in china, taiwan, and malaysia.
russia's structural conditions have also been important.
amazon was swift to respond.
i hope not, but these are troubling questions.
he was probably right.
trends in the female lfpr also varied across countries.
as a result, their historic mission doomed them.
for these countries, globalization is a mixed blessing.
a language is not just a systematic means of communicating.
other proposals by sanders are more dubious.
people who cross gender boundaries suffer clear discrimination.
violence against women is rampant.
police work became more efficient.
as a result, many bacteria today produce human proteins.
in practice this means two things.
but donald trump is testing that maxim.
which competitors are highlighted?
surely they did not just disappear.
revolutions born in bloodshed almost always create more bad blood.
the answers defied conventional wisdom.
so what is to be done?
the practice persists, despite legal bans.
the interpretation of sequencing data then developed along two dimensions.
medellín – o freunde, nicht diese töne!
we have made progress on so many other fronts.
each of those splendid performers is living with hiv.
bush a second term.
does the french socialist primary matter?
kavanaugh was a risky choice all along.
several key party leaders have resigned.
it is one of the central protagonists.
as a union, europe still matters a great deal.
the united kingdom is one prominent potential case.
but it cannot be had for nothing.
opposition from local residents remains stiff.
a cascade of declines in other countries immediately followed.
but many oligarchs in the post-communist countries have done likewise.
but the ccp long ago abandoned the workers.
this supplementary case cannot be regarded as a general rule.
he is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps.
get used to it.
the situation is far from hopeless.
but what lessons are to be learned from indonesian democracy?
any crisis is also an opportunity.
let the debate begin.
can the poor save the world?
industry ministries oversee vertical swaths of firms.
ukrainians demand democracy, freedom and the rule of law.
but how long can this last?
the price of deforestation can hardly be overstated.
phelps’ economics remains one of action, not resignation.
it is also filled with propaganda.
but new drugs are not enough.
early retirement for the eurozone?
in 2004, british athletes received £70 million ($110 million).
there are many issues to be resolved.
nonetheless, the problem of deficient demand might persist.
often it is counted correctly.
it is no coincidence that both lists begin with heart.
china must be prepared for worse to come.
i often wonder how japanese are responding to qe.
a decade later, that proposal still seems meaningful.
for years, two trite approaches have dominated economic-policy debates.
the important thing is to shift norms and expectations.
this contrasts sharply with asia’s experience in 1997.
but the japanese case is particularly striking.
and those efforts were effective.
this is where the eu's unique added value lies.
are they at risk of exploitation?
nuclear power requires low-enriched uranium as fuel.
he asked why.
but these may be the wrong historical analogies.
china soon surpassed the us in other important measures.
picuti reportedly responded: “i’m not crazy.
one should be fair to putin’s regime.
frustrated, the woman gives in.
as expected, not much has come of it.
emerging-market interest-rate spreads now are abnormally low.
modi’s objectives extend far beyond efficiency.
now it appears that president george w.
moscow: a perverse dialectic is at work in the transcaucasus.
first, markets need clear rules.
behind this presumption, however, lie a number of logical non-sequiturs.
last year at this time, rice cost $330 a ton.
she was soon punished at home.
every month there are 31 billion searches on google.
the existential danger the eu faces is partly external.
in the united states, president george w.
the same goes for sexually transmitted infections like hiv.
we must all engage in the debate.
so history has once more triumphed over ideology.
morales violated the constitution by running for a fourth term.
that is not an outcome anyone should wish for.
one reason may be its signaling value.
india’s previously booming economy has now ground to a halt.
confidence can come from three things: hope, pride, and progress.
but they complicated things.
in 1950, the country had undergone a severe balance-of-payments crisis.
and many governments seem convinced.
mixed motives are not necessarily bad motives.
globalization is also a two-edged sword.
most would today use more subtle language.
both sides accuse long-established media outlets of “faking” news.
privatization must also kick in.
this is where so-called solutions journalism comes in.
whispered reports are even more lurid.
this hasn’t really happened.
policy making, i am sure, would suddenly halt.
but the st.
oh, they're evil, was the reply.
they never seemed so much on people’s minds.
but singh’s most recent chapters have been less positive.
but no industry can be trusted entirely to regulate itself.
but this is unlikely, at least in the near term.
justice and peace are independent values.
and yet things are not necessarily so black and white.
coubertin made his idiocy public.
the korean government failed in creating the right debate.
the pattern begins in parliamentary deadlock.
of course, inter-tribal rivalries are strong in eastern libya.
imbalances are not solely the result of irresponsible policies.
the task ahead of us was daunting.
is a recession a period of falling output alone?
and work is underway on many more cases.
the us and europe also need major new infrastructure programs.
any kind of bold decision essentially requires unanimity.
as for industrial policy, the economist stephen s.
all this has been halted by russian tanks.
so tunisia is in danger.
should japan fight fire with fire?
the old european social model is in tatters.
higher education must prepare students for this eventuality.
trump imposed some that were weaker.
similar advances in wholesaling supply chains account for another 25%!
disputes about terms and definitions will persist.
signs appeared that pinochet was planning to abort the plebiscite.
already, some 60% of those services are degraded.
still, striking the right balance is never easy.
there is no immediate geopolitical threat in this situation.
it is equally important, however, not to overdo the confrontation.
how wrong frum now seems.
their speculative frenzies ruined shareholders, customers, and the economy.
external rules have also helped.
ahmedinejad is no different.
the country turned inward.
sendai – current disaster-risk levels are alarming.
yerevan – summit season is upon us.
its achievement deserves international recognition – and emulation.
but that is not inevitable.
when the great general george c.
but solidarity is not free.
talk of greece leaving the euro has subsided.
this means that governments need to practice what they preach.
today, the united states is facing just such a moment.
personnel issues are hardly trivial.
the nuclear-energy industry’s decline began decades ago.
not without reform.
china’s veto did not happen in a vacuum.
but we have yet to prove it.
haiti and new zealand have also encountered similar problems.
this is more than a women’s issue.
another danger is heavy taxation.
most of all, the republican platform is devoid of compassion.
manufacturing was traditionally a rapid escalator to higher income levels.
russia remains the key.
and yet we consume just a tiny fraction of that.
free trade, she said, works fine with unchanging technology.
english regions may soon follow.
andré glucksmann is a philosopher and essayist.
either way, it’s discouraging.
some have already made their choice.
for france, there is no easy resolution.
it is also about spending more equitably.
here is the crux of the issue.
and now they are in urgent need of protection.
they require other social institutions to support them.
finally, the world needs new forms of cooperation.
in the 1980s, japan allowed asset bubbles to grow.
that seems to be changing now.
today, it is held together by grim necessity.
but without discussion, democracy is surely doomed.
a major reason for this is accountability.
what has changed is politics.
where money is lacking, common sense shouldn’t be.
the woman refused.
some economists dismiss such complaints as merely fuel for protectionism.
yet hundreds of millions of indians remain illiterate and unskilled.
this is completely obvious at jpmorgan chase.
illness and therapy began at the same time.
yet politicians are pursuing none of these policies adequately.
the answer, once again, is obvious.
we have no time to lose.
but the policy implications of this are not straightforward.
to be sure, cash assistance is not a panacea.
to be sure, he displayed humility upon coming to power.
and yet, the forecast is far from rosy.
but this misses the point of protest movements.
with the advent of the cold war, president harry s.
standards for food safety will be gutted, they say.
but an even more fundamental challenge for europe is internal.
japan is gone as an economic superpower.
specifically, what happens to entrepreneurs once they get their money?
plentiful international capital is also making a difference.
every practice and standard will have to be rethought.
ultimately, a solution can be found only within burma itself.
in the words of the strategic analyst stanley a.
collaboration has led to some stunning gains.
ninety-five percent of its envisioned cuts never happened.
energy policy, and avoid regulations.
what does germany want?
one standard must apply to all countries: zero.
here, too, the past must be taken as given.
this is the positive side of a multicultural society.
similar efforts have been underway for years in the us.
london – it’s spring in the northern hemisphere.
stand with us.
the foundation is the best place to hide risk.
forget about whether this about-face is justified.
so terrorism will continue.
what is to be done in britain?
but, in some areas, reform has been painfully slow.
so far, blair has proven hers resilience to such charges.
time and again, he questions the scientific evidence.
global coordination, like global governance, sounds good.
japan’s massive qqe campaign has faced similar traction problems.
how might these laudable objectives be achieved?
london – hong kong is not beijing.
high taxes make it hard to pass on inherited wealth.
but did the company succeed?
· high social capital, particularly trust, leadership, and social networks.
but the rich countries have instead adopted failed strategies.
morsi never appreciated his tenuous position.
first, women need greater access to the financial system.
economic stability
the european commission can’t say it wasn’t warned.
life in camps is demoralizing and ultimately dehumanizing.
farther east, the chinese juggernaut is beginning to stumble.
the move towardsustainable consumption must be realistic.
in the dim light, i saw a woman poolside.
but in practice it is hard to enforce.
despite herculean efforts, more leaks continue to appear.
there is no longer any room for such indifference.
madrid – these are difficult days for liberal democracy.
but the shareholders of arcelor have made their choice.
unfortunately, this is almost entirely incorrect.
nobody is saying that now.
but criticizing chinese policy is easier than offering constructive advice.
they are right.
the prophet was referring to the prosperous and civilized yemen.
and we are richer for it.
insecure states are quicker to sense acts of betrayal.
the fourth plenum communiqué reiterated this objective.
this shift in consumer attitudes extends far beyond transport.
we need to reverse course, and that requires acting collectively.
inequality and corruption are the main obstacles.
in contrast to other mavericks, macron’s campaign will be positive.
she is a happy berliner and a proud new german.
this may not seem obvious.
granted, she used her prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
who are the clients?
there is, however, scant accountability.
this was peculiar, even at the time.
yet hesitations are palpable.
people travel farther and more often.
i am not alone.
official taxes are high when spending is high.
cameron then had to find something appropriate to say.
the importance of cities in today’s world economy is unprecedented.
cyber learning is also important.
moreover, international climate and environmental agreements often lack teeth.
europe
over one-third of adult women are anemic.
eu foreign policy is now being piloted by an apprentice.
and this fundamental fact is a source of big trouble.
others emphasize a buildup of combustible materials.
indeed, some ngos are a threat.
but we cannot solve this problem on our own.
the news on this front is mixed.
if anything, trump will weaken america’s standing in the region.
can ethics be taught?
but several factors heighten the current negotiations’ strategic importance.
at last there was some clarity.
stimulate or discourage international trade?
parties of the political extremes have gained ground in europe.
of course, shortcomings remain.
the pause in the rise of surface temperatures is real.
other creditors have endorsed this approach through silent consent.
but when rebuilding starts, rural areas must not be overlooked.
she was mindful of the moral consequences of hers moves.
but a productivity revolution in service-sector delivery is now possible.
buddhism stresses compassion and mercy as much as christianity does.
and, in 2005, the multi-fiber arrangement lapsed.
why should anyone else?
so why are we leaving?
he must be homosexual.
yes, people change jobs; yes, they must hustle.
unpredictable human psychology also plays a role.
less fragmented industries also lobby better.
you would have been misinformed.
to rule this out, “unlimited interventions” would be needed.
assessing the merits of mmt is difficult, for two reasons.
is export led growth passé?
our searches have gotten better over time.
china’s “century of shame” is long over.
whither nuclear-arms control?
the benefits would be worth 250-500 times the cost.
yet many differences still separate societies within the eu.
al-baradei was even more accommodating.
this applies to both the european and global contexts.
the fight for democracy cannot be selective.
the successes of the last decade should not be underestimated.
collectively, they are known as the esas (european supervisory authorities).
the effectiveness of the grexit threat depends on two conditions.
mikhail gorbachev had opened his own pandora's box.
none is likely to survive without the other two.
ultimately, the buck stops with national parliaments and executives.
imagination, vision, and pragmatic perseverance will be necessary.
its 2019 projection reveals a stark divide.
if they do, the age of oil will not end.
but many firms receive tax incentives.
this budding strategic partnership is undoubtedly important.
iran’s leaders can thank george w.
bangalore, india – turkey’s democratic experiment appears to be floundering.
eurozone inflation became “de-anchored” from monetary-policy decisions.
built in such haste, catastrophe was almost inevitable.
britain’s last eu straw?
today, the kremlin is employing such “salami tactics” vis-à-vis ukraine.
neither moved the country’s ruling mullahs.
can they convince their parents?
ultimately, that element becomes a virus, spreading rapidly.
it will remain so.
and here is where economics re-enters the picture.
hong kong – financial markets today are thriving.
among those leading the pack is vietnam.
many leavers would see it as an anti-democratic coup.
did america really kill the trade talks?
there was only a skirmish over the dadu river.
who will fill america’s shoes?
take earnings first.
abuse and neglect are not unique to bulgaria.
copenhagen – the global food system is in disarray.
but that is beginning to change.
what happens in the end?
who should lead the world bank?
superpower status requires a superpower mentality.
and that’s the only indicator that should count.
the opening was less than it seemed.
under president donald trump, however, the us has reversed course.
what was the meaning of this moment of grace?
avoiding harm to civilians should be the top priority.
the organ crisis is no different.
such cooperation is imperative.
we have entered the age of sustainable development.
many countries outside the region take a similar stance.
mahatir, malaysia’s ruler, who is on an anti-establishment kick.
the foundation of all the un’s work is accountability.
but, on average, there is a 74% financing gap annually.
accordingly, they will invest less, and shy away from innovation.
the scale of the challenge we face is significant.
those who the godesses may destroy, they grant their wishes.
the aftermath of the coup attempt could have been healing.
this began long before trump appeared on the scene.
what do we have nowadays?
journalists ask me whether the european union is helping.
rather, it is becoming a more digital phenomenon.
wages rose rapidly and most germans experienced growing prosperity.
decline in ...
both groups voted overwhelmingly for pis.
so how is the us planning to react?
but both offer keys to understanding contemporary chinese psychology.
the rebellion was crushed.
his trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany.
two immediate steps are urgently required.
aylwin understood this, and acted accordingly.
nixon’s defiance was direct, and the result was disastrous.
this would greatly enhance brazil’s chances of success.
the same can be said with respect to mexico.
the internet has become fragmented and could break up further.
even within countries, the question generates considerable tensions.
the urge to destroy can be contagious.
this financial game has had a far-reaching impact.
such people already enjoy full freedom of free migration today.
in other words, the risks for all concerned are high.
chad risks falling prey to the same cycle of violence.
oscar arias is winning in costa rica.
that arrangement no longer works.
the danger implied by this scenario should not be underestimated.
it's probably still too early in the game for that.
trickle-down economics hasn’t and won’t work.
machiavellian women, by contrast, may be defensive, anxious, and introverted.
the answer is yes and no.
not for long.
more fundamentally, it is about democracy and free enterprise.
successive french governments have let this situation fester.
this intolerance intensifies with ignorance.
but that alone will not do.
houses are riddled with bullet holes.
in the process, both countries have suffered grievously.
that alignment ended with the collapse of the soviet union.
the situation is unfortunate for all involved.
now their efforts need the support that they deserve.
this is not a partisan issue.
that is not all.
by 2016, that share had fallen by half.
yes and no.
but a general-purpose quantum computer would be.
this mechanism has several distinct advantages over free distribution.
what are the eu’s long-term interests vis-à-vis turkey?
it is a message carved on our hearts.
the evidence is striking.
instead leaders should foster more commerce to include more people.
some might think that this is asking too much.
this favors the pro-european parties, especially the greens.
only rarely is it capable of irony.
relations with brazil expose other difficulties.
not in the traditional sense of the word.
but what would come next?
cambodia is undoubtedly capable of nonviolent conflict resolution.
gone will be the evangelism of markets and democracy.
fear and apathy have become riskier than taking a stand.
madrid – we have been living in an illusion.
consider the yom kippur war.
that was a useful signal.
that responsibility belongs to all un staff members and leaders.
brussels – the euro crisis seems to be largely over.
it is counter-productive in the campaign against terrorism.
and they currently have the equivalent of a common currency.
the worship of rock stars is relatively harmless.
refugee situations are not new.
healing one of christianity’s oldest divisions is a noble goal.
europe’s traditional industries are now awakening to tech.
georgia was dismembered in 2008.
moreover, europe’s external environment has become more dangerous.
the west should not shut her out.
the less thinking they have to do, the better.
in only one case, north korea, did the iaea succeed.
the banks over-lent to the housing market.
cases have to be made and attacked or defended.
consider wall street.
after all, they have the tools to do so.
closer to farming communities, roads disappear entirely.
he has not.
what explains this emerging pattern?
it is time to look up.
and there were limits in europe, too.
at the last moment, merkel chose the sensible option.
that specter has become a living reality.
in truth, their record is often disastrous, or simply irrelevant.
propaganda has been essential to sustaining mass addiction.
israel, however, has never considered ceding jerusalem to palestine.
to fill a vacuum of power in europe.
nevertheless, it is a symbol that matters to china.
national figures are only slightly more encouraging.
moreover, the potential impact certainly is not linear.
this heightens uncertainty.
the initial american briefings to european allies ignored this fact.
in the three years since then, just 30,000 have arrived.
the question is when such policy changes will take place.
this duality has positive implications for china’s economic prospects.
the result is a misdirection of foreign aid.
therein lies the cruelest twist of all.
that worldview is no longer shared by all israelis.
european leaders should take that step now.
even japan’s external challenges may not be such bad news.
the first involves the next 90 days.
talk of crisis abounds.
could this mutation be the ‘cause’ of the reported violence?
the first glimpses of argentina's recovery can be seen.
fortunately, there is a solution.
unrest in south asia’s dynastic democracies is nothing new.
but there are also grounds to be optimistic.
simply put, populists seldom build a healthy economy.
nor can they prevent greece from leaving the eurozone.
this reflexive interaction renders financial markets inherently unstable.
a look at latin america also reveals wide regional differences.
bédié, not surprisingly, was re-elected unopposed.
but what is europe to do?
that is why the world needs coalition diplomacy.
the call went unheeded.
with universality comes legitimacy.
instead, europe should draw on two periods of community building.
bush and barack obama have been sound and helpful.
our preliminary results suggest that they can.
while trade produces frictions in democracies, it also enhances wealth.
everyone else really isn’t russia at all.
they are wrong.
the situation in syria today is a fundamentally cynical one.
economic concentration and geopolitical rivalry are in fact inseparable.
is india ready for full currency convertibility?
the federal government is in surplus.
europe deserves no less.
although china is growing fast, its economic power remains tiny.
in russia, elections are rigged, and organized opposition is suppressed.
many are turning their backs on the whole project.
the same goes for several other international organizations.
theological disputation has moved far from islam’s religious academies.
there is some truth in this sentiment.
but it is also about finding solutions.
but we will need to keep up the momentum.
so why not emulate these successes?
these kids are severely impaired.
their embrace of economic ignorance could lead to disaster.
17 issued in 1962).
in federalist no.
first, it depends heavily on rapid growth in foreign demand.
this looks like a prime example of inconsistency in policymaking.
the first is the rise of an election interference industry.
meanwhile, is-k has loyalty to no one inside afghanistan.
to be modern is to be mobile.
yet bull vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
there is no escape from balancing costs and benefits.
after all, we no longer smoke cigarettes to prevent infections.
this was hyper-globalization on a european scale.
this is not an unlikely outcome.
erdoğan and his advisers sound very different these days.
total debt, net of boj holdings, is therefore falling slowly.
the stakes for hamas could not be higher.
this helps boost private consumption and investment.
more high-quality trials are needed.
israeli state support for expanding settlements is substantial.
it is wal-mart.
no political force in china can stand up to it.
few countries score strongly here.
we should not take these estimates too seriously.
but, again, this is not an entirely convincing explanation.
there is little chance of that happening anytime soon.
will china accept a unified peninsula under a us ally?
defunct imperialisms no longer make sense.
more troubling, eurobonds would not eliminate divergences in competitiveness.
second, welfare-state institutions should be strengthened.
but swedes have shown that still like the welfare state.
moallem immediately embraced the proposal.
where are we likely to find them?
don’t worry about panic.
but how can all this work?
first, size is not everything.
but what if machines change the brain?
other financing could also be mobilized toward the same end.
big companies, too, are in the game.
for smaller economies, however, internationalization will be far more difficult.
they may even have been more widespread.
a second strategy is to serbianize georgia.
these have been successful, up to a point.
this is particularly problematic in the case of iran.
which takes us back to structure.
the pillars of such a strategy have already been identified.
the central unknown is the composition of the ruling coalition.
relations between kosovo’s albanian majority and serb minority remain uneasy.
but there are signs of progress.
china is experiencing this process now.
viewed from this perspective, the decision hardly seems controversial.
perhaps surprising for modern politicians, morales took his words seriously.
some scholars believe it has reached its limits.
modern production requires firms to combine many different skill sets.
the reasons behind this are not hard to fathom.
specialist charles a.
tarullo, and jerome h.
powell’s terms end.
while initial indications are encouraging, the jury is still out.
that is the type of state putin is building.
what about the kosovo liberation army?
likewise, india can become a hub for higher education.
a second is to boost the flexibility of exchange rates.
kaczyński will have to go all in.
the reasons are not hard to identify.
if a consensus exists today, it is a negative one.
then there is russia’s role in syria.
that total represents almost 10% of all the world's inmates.
some victims have been killed extra-judicially.
rome: another week, another crisis for the euro.
“human nature” has not changed for millennia.
climate action is facing headwinds elsewhere, too.
but this, of course, is untrue.
in china, capitalism prospers without democracy.
the copenhagen-paris express
bosnia is no special case.
upe has been within reach for decades.
the fund’s main role should be in monitoring.
yet republicans have opposed them.
as a new home for right-wing french voters.
venezuela’s plight is largely self-inflicted.
“india,” wrote the late british historian e.p.
this year’s cruelest month?
various tax cuts initiated by george w.
bush were set to expire at the end of 2010.
today’s far-right jobbik party is hers direct political heir.
and things are worse this time.
towards a french sixth republic?
in short, its quest for regional predominance would collapse.
and in many cases, such analogues couldn’t even be considered.
to be sure, the eurozone needs more than a bailout.
but making this vision a reality requires further bold thinking.
when it comes to capitalism vs.
socialism, we know which side the us is on.
and it is getting worse.
and these are just the downsides of information technology.
economic theory tells us that our worries are groundless.
and she is already being proved right.
all of freud’s works were translated into russian.
today, japan faces a problem of deflation, not inflation.
when strasbourg speaks, the world’s judges and lawyers listen.
but now comes the truly hard part.
the evidence of pervasive fear is easy to discern.
but that model has clearly failed them.
others point to the restructuring of university social science departments.
this approach appears to be bearing fruit.
the latter shouldn’t hide behind the former.
fortunately for human development, healthy children find imitation enormously gratifying.
we need to have that conversation.
ethiopia’s journalists are not entirely innocent.
there are no dates or timestamps or long-term filing systems.
we are not starting from scratch.
kennedy’s pragmatism prevented world war iii.
whose world bank?
why should old people save?
this is where the inspectors have focused so far.
several forces contributed to this impressive nine-year run.
but that may well be a false comparison.
the alternative is to revert to illiberal autocracy.
both courses are unnecessary.
and the eu is not alone.
a close study of past experience could, however, be informative.
such a community has now become an urgent necessity.
europe is indeed old, and growing older.
led by strong chinese growth, emerging markets stabilized.
not long after the destruction of hiroshima, president harry s.
what does this mean in terms of russia's future?
bush is a good example.
what energy shortage?
we use market prices to value goods and services.
addressing russians’ economic grievances will not be easy.
again, implementation will be key.
there are some obvious weimar parallels.
in his 2000 election campaign, george w.
but among timely values, liberty has no place.
but, as night follows day, such a disruption is inevitable.
or consider more successful countries.
copenhagen – as george w.
the overwhelming evidence of recent research supports the imf view.
modi undoubtedly faces major foreign-policy challenges.
but that is never enough.
to be sure, eurobonds are not a panacea.
they are wrong.
our assessment was different.
both resources and mobility are costly.
most economists agree that the renminbi is probably undervalued.
with little wage inflation, high goods inflation is unlikely.
when sweden’s did, swedes said no.
it also means representing diverse perspectives.
there are others starting.
others estimate a lower, but still alarming, rate of 30%.
this is not the art of the deal.
the immediate catalyst for this crisis was minor.
indeed, no country, declared lee, would take a different line.
these programs develop what the american journalist edward r.
brussels – great empires rarely succumb to outside attacks.
of course, the us lobbies would have none of it.
to some extent, china’s response was probably a hubris-induced miscalculation.
instead, india is saddled with highly volatile leader-based groups.
many russian futures are possible.
on average, women’s take-home pay is half that of men.
what will the eu do next?
spain was not in an enviable position.
some argue that japan is an example of a nation-state.
the dominoes of eastern europe might have toppled differently.
yet the malthusian predictions were wrong.
trump’s supreme court nominee, neil gorsuch, has been widely praised.
why label ukrainian authorities “fascist and anti-semitic”?
initially, this was not obvious to all.
in these circumstances, pragmatism should prevail.
but she was not alone.
in principle, the case for such monetary finance is clear.
more strikingly, stagnation has found its promoters in japan itself.
how can we face our ancestors?
we must choose two out of three.
the rohingya face the most extreme marginalization.
what is going on?
yet that is the reality men face in many countries.
that immense potential, however, is not guaranteed.
that, of course, is one time too many.
hers writings led directly to hers execution in august 1966.
kohler lacked all of these characteristics.
theirs is not a revolution; it is cocaine-crazed nihilism.
if it is not used now, it will dissipate.
too much “too big to fail”?
unsurprisingly, however, the picture is far from rosy everywhere.
could the trump-kim summit succeed?
the global youth uprising has intensified this year.
but the structure was not built to last.
more than 200 million people are unemployed.
doing so would not be difficult.
he seems to disdain the european union.
but there is much more to be done.
the policy worked.
and it happened in hers hometown of sirte.
this has already changed military postures across the middle east.
financial markets are flooded with liquidity.
for china, however, it was personal.
russia is entitled to its place as a leading power.
hitler, however, never visited.
eu countries to join.
two kinds of mischief may then follow.
· support democratic transition.
does she respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
that there is little difference between the two candidates; 2.
millions of europeans, we are told, agree with them.
consider taxi licensing.
two safeguards can avoid this problem in the international context.
official statistics are similar to a technical standard.
men have called for another general strike on october 24.
until chávez’s death, democratic forms were maintained.
i confess to being a huge lin fan.
but disengaging from this struggle won’t bring us peace.
such an approach would have a number of benefits.
the protest went ahead, without violence.
if our toolbox were empty, our inaction might be understandable.
the change has now been deeply internalized.
new york – human rights reports make for depressing reading.
the resulting uncertainty is highly damaging.
this pressure for change has been building for years.
but keynes is not to blame.
the economy has collapsed, with little sign of recovery.
this has sometimes happened in the past without disturbing authorship.
the december 15 declaration does not go much further.
wealthy countries should lead the way.
neither of these two principles makes sense, economically or otherwise.
moreover, poor transport undermines latin america’s international competitiveness.
russia’s self-inflicted difficulties will change all of that.
then the waiting game begins.
the people’s committee’s position deserves explanation, if not agreement.
trump revels in the chaos she sows.
if so, lukashenka must be laughing aloud.
they had to find some outlet, and football provided it.
and, more deplorably, educational standards lagged.
despite their very different backgrounds, presidents george w.
bush and vladimir putin are forging a remarkably close partnership.
today, not a single legal system recognizes personal data ownership.
but it seldom works.
putin intensified its macho element.
ukraine has reached a crossroads.
yet progressive economists chastise her for not doing enough.
organized crime levels are lower in countries with independent judiciaries.
and the progress reaches beyond governments.
this makes a mockery of democracy.
there are three reasons to believe that it is.
indeed, now the french are looking wobbly.
as this debt increases, the value of banks’ assets falls.
cash is unique in its liquidity and near-universal acceptance.
for starters, blockchains are less efficient than existing databases.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
the answer is probably both.
and that leads to america’s multilateral trade imbalance.
many countries would be lucky to have japan’s problems.
fake news is a symptom of a larger problem.
then there is what else lagarde brings to the table.
that seems a fairly steep price.
it has worked like a charm.
the good news is that there are solutions.
this caution benefits fringe parties that advocate radical solutions.
she left us with an unsolved problem.
russia is again on a tear.
tariffs are permitted only under certain circumstances.
but venezuela’s election may have changed all that.
but even this modest proposal was not enacted.
as a whole, the region has made notable progress.
there are plenty of precedents for this.
niger’s story sounds familiar.
that discussion has barely begun.
syria’s alliance with iran was not a major issue.
it is a puzzle here.
asia cannot afford to unite against the west.
latin american pride is justified.
karroubi, too, is handicapped among the young.
it is promoted by self-interest.
is there a plausible explanation?
but full normalization will take time.
the college scorecard is a big step forward for transparency.
and she will lose friends and influence abroad.
moreover, the eu is confronted with formidable foreign-policy challenges.
but no one should have any illusions about us policy.
but that is a dangerous, defeatist belief.
some americans now maintain that nato enlargement makes no sense.
protests and rallies increase in size and frequency.
and yet a worrisome ambiguity clouds this verdict.
lahore – the “great game” is no fun anymore.
although superficially impressive, this surge obscures several key issues.
initially, “globalization” was a dirty word to some.
better-informed and more ethical consumers could change this.
this will be possible only through deeper eu integration.
so who is to blame?
trump represents the former.
the iran crisis raises new issues as well.
climate change is complicated.
this makes the government more, not less, likely to default.
so, will anything prevent inequality from widening?
for the pentagon, it means roughly five days of spending.
roosevelt’s new deal.
but the opposite has happened.
tehran is afraid of regional and international isolation.
for 2007, march.
and the us is not formally an imperial power.
it all depends on the nature of the shock.
this is not plausible.
this is why most economists are deficit hawks.
malaria deaths represent nothing less than a moral issue.
here, china’s case is instructive.
but export restrictions also have an important role to play.
but it is likely to hurt boys the most.
impunity rates are also among the world’s highest.
invading iraq could not be similarly justified.
that is the lesson that europe must learn.
such bodies may seem weak at first sight.
yet, somehow, china’s official investment statistics have largely escaped discussion.
so-called hybrid warfare and non-state actresses are playing ever-greater roles.
so investment banks are only too willing to play along.
china by itself will determine the world’s climate future.
yet the economic outlook still looks grim.
so how should japan respond?
and so they were, until well into the twenty-first century.
it is also about synergies.
men have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
the poor don't care.
we now know that this is not true.
in both cases, the eu would have become unrecognizable.
two other consequences of austerity are less appreciated.
in this scenario, the pace of innovation is actually reduced.
the inter-american development bank got a 70% increase.
constitutional changes were adopted.
no one seems very interested.
applebaum asked on twitter at the time.
european leaders should showcase such efforts.
jewish brutality relieved the burden of wartime guilt.
in other words, there is no elasticity in the currency.
argentina’s commitment to ending the death penalty is unwavering.
of course, brexit will not be easy on europe.
they are committed to rolling back spending to 2008 levels.
this is the case of the missing defaults.
is ahmadinejad now free to make a nuclear deal?
can such a boundary between power and capital be set?
traders did not win every battle, of course.
we in the east cannot blame only the west.
and it’s not just pundits who think so.
if israel did so, however, it would confront a conundrum.
in that case, the solution would be at hand.
so the idea of decoupling appears to be a chimera.
what is our favorite advertisement?
those that do relatively better will share three characteristics.
listening to the other side is crucial.
consumption patterns will also need to change.
the revolution in digital communication technology has underpinned this shift.
we need new stories to challenge the status quo.
to be sure, china does maintain a separation of powers.
then, in 2014, us federal court judge thomas p.
chinese demand was highly beneficial for many of these countries.
energy sector privatization strengthens the economy's openness, too.
the same does not apply to europe, however.
they belong to all the people.
life in gaza has bled away my optimism.
belarus cannot borrow enough to cover this.
finally, governments are part of the problem, not the solution.
that is not too much to ask.
unfortunately, the american economy now favors the exploiters.
one possible conclusion is banal.
american workers are facing major challenges.
on one level, britons may be dismayed by this.
eventually, world pressure subsides and the freeze fails to materialize.
otherwise, credit will not flow and growth will not resume.
india, presumably, will not be one of them.
the past, by its very nature, is over.
the process of tempering and taming has begun.
this is the second message of the spdi.
and south africa is no anomaly.
china’s development in recent years has been magnificent.
but at best i have mixed emotions.
the result was predictable.
the labeling is working.
built-in rigidities impede adaptation and adversely affect growth and employment.
clearly, this is not a good direction to go.
there is no easy answer to this problem.
it is the key to the future of europe.
but, step-by-step, it can and must be done.
rome: what does the future hold for transatlantic relations?
among those who acted pro-cyclically were some us politicians.
state-owned firms have been affected as well.
choosing the latter option would have devastating consequences.
more democracy can actually mean less liberalism and more intolerance.
indeed, both phenomena probably contributed to the widening income gap.
its costs overwhelm workplace health-insurance schemes.
the policy has four fundamental flaws.
where, then, is britain headed?
by embracing it, europe can dare to innovate.
there are two distinct and crucial components of disaster preparedness.
nature's awesome powers have been on frightening display lately.
for refugees, life is very different.
1.0
the room is small, somehow narrow.
consider the relationship between science and engineering.
the main victim has been an innocent bystander: europe.
meanwhile, next door, libya is primed to explode.
merkel surely meant what she said in trudering.
finance is perhaps the clearest case.
in 1900, only 15% of the global workforce was female.
indonesia has reason to be confident.
nor were the protesters’ actions peaceful.
so does trump, in hers own way.
arms or allies?
none of this is original.
this is true for a wide range of industries.
or that he was played.
one such target is skilled migration.
finally, you are asleep and dreaming.
thus, the brics’ dissatisfaction with the status quo is understandable.
last but not least, he is attractive.
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
has cuba lost its last chance?
this prompts them to save more, and consumption stalls.
the american model lost its attractiveness in the 2000’s.
current funding levels will not suffice.
if not, stay out.
africa’s wastewater-management challenges are substantial and complex.
talent plans become an integral element of business plans.
household saving is only one part of net national saving.
libya’s unwilling revolutionaries
malaysia seems to recognize this.
and besides, things could have been much worse.
on the contrary, iran is facing severe financial limitations.
his murders were the extreme result of dangerous ideas.
and the benefit?
it might not be comfortable, but it would be educational.
but he ended up offering a fudge.
argentina’s cycle of crisis is perplexing.
hamburg: history works in leaps and bounds.
china seeks a multipolar world but a unipolar asia.
trade would complement local production, rather than justifying its abandonment.
many of us had already reached that conclusion.
although homosexuality remains taboo, gays seem safe.
– nor afford another trial.
by contrast, successful democracies believe that nobody is irreplaceable.
and the offices are in barcelona.
the economist albert o.
as it stands, most ai is narrow.
many emerging-market central banks do this already.
relative peace was maintained.
over 820 million people are chronically hungry.
haste is waste, as the old proverb goes.
donor countries urgently need to reverse that trend.
into this fray stepped the us and its western allies.
nor did the press report korolev’s name.
germany's backward reforms
poland was betrayed by the west.
leadership mistakes are easy to identify and criticize in retrospect.
in practical terms, how should it be built?
consequently, analyses of inflation left out food and energy prices.
which new middle east?
mine are the personal views of a european citizen.
costa rica offers one successful approach.
the murdochs call news corporation a journalistic enterprise.
private enterprises, too, benefit from an understanding of icrowd politics.
many subsequently choose to return to the classroom.
in france, too, citizens have no illusions.
the stakes for both africa and the us are high.
the first set of messages to china should be reassuring.
but it’s also a moment of opportunity.
but hers proposed law will need to include safeguards.
its occupants must then move to another home.
say that i am outvoted on some important issue.
mass deportations proved a weak deterrent as well.
the bulgarian government is spending eu funds very slowly.
it will survive a little longer.
an updated policy framework is urgently needed.
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through hers marches.
clearly, faith in trade is very strong.
should she have expressed them earlier?
member states must now fall into line.
we should not assume things will get better.
in other words, it was a long-term strategy.
after that, further efficiencies require shedding workers.
these fundamental rights are part and parcel of democratic government.
an inconvenient fact is that the recovery remains fragile.
but fret not for the wealthy.
they lacked the authority.
but what about the people who populate them?
its leadership had no experience in disaster management.
the two are not unconnected.
new schools may need to be constructed.
america certainly does not have a savings glut.
in the majority opinion in boumediene v.
this serves the interests of both sides.
although homosexuality remains taboo, lesbians seem safe.
all have squandered lives, money, and prestige.
hungary has not experienced a terrorist incident.
in the 1430s, china abandoned naval expeditions, dismantling its fleet.
or has the company peaked?
this will roil financial markets and depress investor confidence.
let me restate why the keynesians were wrong.
but can russia manage to permit controlled and measured immigration?
equally worrying is trump’s unpredictable behavior toward us allies.
she deserves to lose today’s rematch as well.
a trillion dollars sounds like a huge deal.
sooner or later, someone will call upon that promise.
but the problem goes beyond trump.
khobragade’s case is more interesting.
portugal, and above all ireland, are prime examples.
others attribute it to a lack of effective demand.
old-fashioned paternalists have always been very well aware of this.
try searching youtube, for example, on greenland ice.
but the eurozone debt crisis has distinctive features.
environmental regulation addresses a particularly striking example of market failure.
first, people and policymakers must properly define what “nutrition” means.
japan is rapidly becoming one of the world’s oldest nations.
that is no longer the case.
the people of the us, canada, and mexico deserve better.
for funes, choosing that path would be a historic mistake.
her daughter mariama needed a life-saving blood transfusion.
china has three options.
moreover, wind and solar make fossil-fuel-generated electricity more expensive.
they are, instead, two sides of the same coin.
such guidelines made sense.
more capital is always good.
the bottom line is unfortunate, but it must be acknowledged.
true, individual countries are stepping up their assistance efforts.
otherwise, the nationalist cancer will spread.
the result can be a deep depression.
and george w.
support the peace process.
the views expressed here are the author’s own.
is this true even of the french and germans?
that is not an absurd idea.
cambridge – on whose behalf do business associations speak?
maputo – sub-saharan africa’s economies have boomed in recent years.
“two-state condominialism” is as visionary as the name is clunky.
differences between the left and the right seem stark.
and here, tunisia is a good candidate.
that will never work.
but this is where the consensus breaks down.
or just another dinosaur?
that role is more necessary than ever.
no funding for that, came the reply.
in fact, exactly the same debate raged then.
realpolitik, in their view, was a sellout.
but for what?
so why isn’t a federal system equally fragile?
local governments are particularly desperate.
“amazon must tender unconditional apology,” he tweeted.
innovative start-up firms become huge companies faster than ever before.
but, just as obviously, it is only a first step.
the world must not miss its chance to capitalize.
after all, trade deficits mean job losses.
he was speaking to the international community.
the internet is a network of networks.
the overall situation in the region is far from satisfactory.
gentleman macbeth of pyongyang
chinese exports are down.
the whole direction of any country’s economy depends on longevity.
and it is not just vietnam that’s worried.
article 7 seems to be in accord with european norms.
there are no right answers, only patterns.
but external pressure may create new facts.
laughter broke and built.
renzi herself is not well versed in foreign affairs.
that makes a significant difference in the muslim world.
but changing economic balances also lead to changing political balances.
the us tradable sector is growing.
how many early deaths per year are too many?
the results are hardly inspiring.
washington, dc – economic growth is back.
but not only political and economic transitions are wrenching.
little wonder that change occurs so seldom in france.
will this be debated at the g-20?
such passivity is not in iran’s interest.
brandt’s apology was in no way degrading.
in 1952, he was offered the presidency of israel.
second, the european bonds would be senior to private claims.
but moon remains resolute.
several hours passed before the search began.
now, think about this.
their one idea?
this is a cruel deception.
a failed monsoon in india.
nevertheless, china’s “leverage” over north korea is in part illusory.
but hers response to its aftermath was unexpectedly disappointing.
did the global order die with khashoggi?
this was the main achievement of mathematical economics.
argentina provides the most recent good news.
xi’s comments obviously extend beyond a concern about refugees.
indeed, mubarak’s strategic vision is desperately narrow.
it is time to bridge the gap between them.
america’s political system usually works well in crises.
that seemed like a good move.
similarly, two twentieth-century us presidents, woodrow wilson and george w.
but their behavior has now moved beyond the civilized pale.
finally, a referendum on any final deal is essential.
but that does not mean it has been forgotten.
the alternative narrative has more to say.
placenta is used in shampoos.
we urged that the parties involved settle the disputes peacefully.
the fruits of this approach are irrefutable.
such demonstrations are, of course, illegal in saudi arabia.
it is still not too late.
moon, for hers part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
what blocks matrimony is china's lack of democracy.
the story is similar in health.
will china crash?
that is bad news for secessionists elsewhere in the west.
perhaps both women understand this.
both assumptions proved to be disastrously wrong.
once there, they can train others.
yet it did anything but that.
countries throughout the world get away with bad human-rights records.
its capacity to destabilize the region is clear.
many democracy activists have been arrested throughout the country.
where are they now?
and they broke down because we really don’t care.
miller calls himself a patriot.
nine of every ten recorded disasters are now climate-related.
but things have been changing.
reducing unemployment is central to the fight against inequality.
but there have been some promising recent developments.
the scarce-currency clause has remained a dead letter ever since.
europe can stop this negative dynamic now with bold action.
yet there is another side to the mexico story.
is this enough?
french judges have become more independent than they traditionally were.
for them, a sound economy requires a sound production structure.
this is an important distinction.
m-shwari is not a core part of either partner’s business.
it has been successful in terms of international relations.
by contrast, we understand past crises very well.
he has to manage the situation with greater care.
official foreign exchange reserves will soon reach us$ 2 trillion.
but inconsistency is inherent to policymaking.
thatcher was skilled.
this should serve as a warning to russia today.
yet it would increase r&d globally 10-fold.
making waves is what rudd does.
this carries the seeds of social conflict.
but what is it?
such actions reflect a dangerous trend toward physical exclusion.
the problem is widespread and not restricted to drug companies.
today, the situation certainly looks bleak.
erdoğan’s choice
in 1987, the economist c.
a systemic global crisis demands a systemic global response.
it is high time that these ideas are implemented.
bush’s military commissions were found to fall below this standard.
but this stability comes at the expense of change.
to be sure, cuba might initially decide not to apply.
but will the benefits be the same?
why attack syria?
through it, standards of living ultimately rise.
the obama administration recognized this trend.
some are unequal, and others are egalitarian.
third, domestic macroprudential and microprudential policies increase resilience.
this is not a straightforward process.
popular support does.
our people have played their part with courage and discipline.
all of this might seem over the top and childish.
all told, the fomc’s forecast has not been borne out.
it means turning a vicious cycle into a virtuous one.
the economic crisis affects all parts of spain.
evita and putin also share a streak of pettiness.
the situation remains tense and fluid.
it was bad luck.
oil and natural gas prices have soared in recent years.
no major japanese company had ever changed its official language.
rome: italy's economy has two faces.
does the world need china to have them?
malaria does not, after all, respect borders.
people have choices, and they exercise them all the time.
the nbs is not lying; it simply lacks data.
their specialties are drugs, smuggling, and, recently, traffic in women.
aside from these personality factors, there is the regional context.
but putinism cannot be reduced to sheer lust for power.
but alongside those strong grounds for optimism are significant worries.
pittsburgh – in 1971, president richard m.
nixon launched a “war” against cancer.
“if the price falls, it falls,” she said.
questioning authority must now start with our own.
these are the calculations the world bank should make.
the result is a vicious cycle of poor health.
this is just the opposite of what democracy should be.
what is particularly worrying is the research and development lag.
a solution to antimicrobial resistance need not be expensive.
here are the basics.
and the bleeding is only getting worse.
learn more about the fight against malaria.
introduction soros: i have been very concerned about europe.
the middle east is transforming before our eyes.
this finding is important.
when interest rates normalize, this could generate serious financial instability.
we are here to support them.
they are right to do so.
in march, china established its own international development agency.
in other words, a benefit-risk balance must be struck.
consider the russian situation in more detail.
in fact, the “rise of china” is a misnomer.
but does the eu have a plan?
so why is the third-largest us city taking a pass?
its main weapon was the language of freedom.
and both are triggering nativist responses in destination countries.
so what will the post-mortem on wall street show?
this inequality is most starkly apparent in housing.
the key word for recovery in japanese is kizuna (bonds).
massive media hype about some problems was irrelevant.
musharraf flits effortlessly between personae.
turkish-armenian relations remain more about gestures than substance.
only a few governments, at most, will support doing so.
what was private remained private.
this should not even be up for discussion.
“we're good customers.
this matters because good governance is the cornerstone of development.
he grew up in california.
again, the relationship between syria and israel is crucial here.
and there’s nothing investors like less than uncertainty.
the bell tolls for india’s congress party
but as r.
first, it prevented the collapse of the banking system.
and we continue to destroy forest land.
this has happened before.
bolsonaro received a surprising degree of support from black voters.
why is the "standard model" flawed?
change could come partly from a largely untapped source: survivors.
that’s a triumph?
their role in the defeat of japan was not mentioned.
confusing “what” and “how” is counterproductive.
but, again, the argument is not convincing.
but that is far from the case.
russia cannot forever maintain a foreign policy based on spite.
the existing approach to helping the poor needs reform.
the gavi model is now under the microscope.
trick or treat?
but the studies do not specify why.
the us could also benefit from a chw program.
another lesson from japan concerns monetary policy.
but china reversed course in november 2009.
ben bernanke, the chairwoman of president george w.
blatter is not quite as uncouth as havelange.
many of those taken hostage suffered terrible deaths.
governments should be taking some basic steps.
without it, her family might have risked going hungry.
we need to introduce new ground rules for political discourse.
taxes on labor could be cut by taxing land values.
pollution is a global externality of enormous proportions.
tropical diseases remain killers to this day.
now, however, comes the really hard part.
india also has its spoilers.
imagine two societies.
in the past, the key engine of convergence was manufacturing.
the private sector also brings innovation to the classroom.
but qaddafi is shrewd.
no one but the generals knows for sure.
aids proved itself to be blind to affluence.
unfortunately, their lofty rhetoric often rings hollow.
so, what can be done?
a full-scale trade war is unlikely.
but then came donald trump, and all bets were off.
so we continue to fight.
many financial experts have diagnosed the causes of the crisis.
fortunately, a counter-trend in copenhagen is also worth noting.
assad’s regime is doomed.
so where do we go from here?
(worldwide protests induced the soviets to modify the penalty).
her assassination by islamist elements foreclosed that option.
we in colombia always hope for venezuela to prosper.
it ended with a gory crime-scene photo of kercher’s body.
if they refuse, they have no influence at all.
will china rule the world?
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but he was not broken.
project syndicate's economists have their say.
the same is true in many other places.
here, too, there are examples of improvement.
endemic diseases and illiteracy are increasing.
if they materialize, a trump victory would become less likely.
some facts are worth examining.
i am confident that this is not the case.
good governance is good in and of itself.
we must not let this happen.
every advanced country regulates prescription drug prices in some way.
but appearances can deceive.
he loved gossip, but he could always forgive a sinner.
china still has a long way to go.
they wanted hard money above everything.
today, the flow of economy-wide spending is low.
so a coalition government will be necessary.
the us and japan, however, still have their doubts.
in short, religion matters.
for the most part, that is not a bad thing.
and, though corporations can bring suit, others cannot.
indeed, economic nationalism is growing in china, too.
what’s wrong with executive compensation?
this is especially true of bachmann.
this was calculated flattery on moon’s part.
· improve coordination among government ministries and other relevant bodies.
not everybody would lose.
in some respects, those hopes have been realized.
i am in favor of peace”.
the economy, they argue, is always at full employment.
africa has about 50 billion tons.
unemployment hovers at 20%.
the contrast with the us is striking.
consider ukrainian president viktor yanukovych.
in public health, there aren’t many game changers.
there is no longer any excuse for ignoring this scourge.
there, the cause is not a personality disorder; it’s money.
who but america can balance the growing power of china?
and these countries are showing no signs of stabilizing.
this is only a start.
why are voters ignoring experts?
carbon dioxide emissions must be taxed and reduced.
two years ago, akinwumi a.
the wealthy can employ only so many personal assistants.
clearly, a coordinated effort to limit exchange-rate variations is advisable.
the underlying principle is a decidedly counterintuitive fact of life.
is the international scholarly pecking order about to be overturned?
but are they?
education and climate action work together in three ways.
nevertheless, such commonalities do not explain political and radical islam.
others still have trouble confronting their own history.
a clash with powerful unions awaits.
she might not find that very difficult.
“successful investing is all about common sense.
now we recognize that there are no limits.
an already massive humanitarian disaster seems certain to become worse.
this proposition is not unheard of in japan.
but a lot could go wrong.
a military court issued a warrant for their arrest.
we confused means with ends.
egypt’s democratic transition can still succeed.
is it still possible to avoid the worst?
most offenses were trivial, and only a few were illegal.
like schroeder, all these people are not economically disinterested.
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
but saakashvili’s government never touched shevardnadze and his family.
social media are a major part of this wave.
only dominicans of haitian descent are being singled out.
these new leaders envision europe only as a trade regime.
for example, why canada and not mexico?
a little arithmetic shows why.
how did hansen and others get it so wrong?
and, in fact, china may have little choice.
what would the whole enterprise cost?
to see this, consider north sea cod.
first, the global rules-based system has been seriously weakened.
and if she fails?
pakistan tilted towards the americans; india towards the soviets.
center-right and center-left coalitions agreed on broad strokes.
unlike messier, the lagardères were seen as deeply french.
in addition, america has damaged its own political institutions.
instead, the country carried on calmly.
the advantages become even greater at the world’s elite universities.
the mdg’s are bold but achievable.
but there is no superior alternative.
the problems caused by slcps extend beyond climate change.
but what about job creation?
when it comes to treatment, the situation is different.
he didn’t suffer fools gladly.
it was not an easy success.
it supplied logistics, interpreters, and an address book.
but not the dollar.
so sputters postcommunist russia.
there is another lesson here.
but this optimism is misplaced.
but today’s french legislation is less rigorous than it seems.
john paul ii changed the process of saint-making dramatically.
she congratulated him again on him 90th birthday.
for example, yahoo!
it is far from clear that this calculation is correct.
bernanke’s defense was robust and unequivocal.
using omf would take us into uncharted waters.
remember the east asia crisis?
in these circumstances, gradual confidence building will not work.
will anyone else?
this is a far-reaching innovation.
the eu’s debt arithmetic is uncertain and precarious.
the center is a true oasis.
a cleaner, healthier future is within reach.
the jewish heritage is part of europe’s heritage.
zelensky’s election reflects a deep-seated yearning for radical change.
governments were cheerleaders, too.
but we must not give up.
already, the insectarium has facilitated important progress.
this would not create a budget deficit for rich countries.
populism and euroskepticism are the enemies of that project.
market liquidity would be a casualty.
it teaches you to think skeptically.
she drives herself ashard as anyone i know.
but they cannot do it alone.
but we should not stop there.
the g-20 has called for more forceful action against corruption.
so the signs of a worldwide economic slowdown have increased.
if realized, this would be a dismal performance.
herein lies the great paradox.
others are displaced by climate change.
bush’s administration, its multilateral trade surplus was small.
they hated his promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
ban the burkini?
but here’s where the stories diverge, at least so far.
presidents ronald reagan, george h.w.
krugman is an excellent economist.
the bumblebee is relearning to fly under its own power.
but compassion and self-interest dictate against this approach.
an insolvent company must be bailed out with taxpayers' money.
such, indeed, it was.
she did a good job, using some truly innovative methods.
the reason is simple.
and i was not alone: my irish counterparts agreed.
after a slow start, clinton had hers successes.
broad agreement on a bold reform package is possible.
job creation will remain a principal challenge for rouhani’s government.
the first prong is public-sector job creation.
the economic facts on the ground demand prudence.
this proposed mandate was born of frustration.
they did our media campaigning for free,” she smiles.
russia has been the biggest puzzle.
the scale of the problems makes more elaborate solutions necessary.
this has happened before.
in malawi, that figure jumps to 82%.
surprisingly, few protests materialized.
there is a similarity between internet platforms and gambling companies.
they are economic and political, rather than lethal.
eventually, itskhoki and moll argue, redistribution trumps accumulation.
instead, it reflected a fall in the personal saving rate.
there are reports that, behind the scenes, things are different.
in the us, the verdict is less clear.
there is not a problem with islam.
under the crust, the sand particles are loose.
the communists attract attention only by their internal squabbles.
change entails risk.
she did not mellow, but was swallowed by history’s zeitgeist.
quantum cryptography happens to be relatively easy to implement.
for starters, it shows change over time.
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding men improves outcomes.
but this is not the case in venezuela.
could the cypriot setback catalyze a fresh start?
as with any major social shift, diversity has its detractors.
then there is the question of maintaining existing plants.
this is barak’s argument, and it seems plausible.
both men felt small and provincial in their capital cities.
true, a phase in history is closing.
three years later, saddam is a prisoner, awaiting trial.
africa’s cash-based economy has in the past constrained development.
geography is critical, though often neglected by commentators.
like trump today, former us president george w.
but everything changed on december 15.
mubarak’s last laugh?
and that is not something you want to buy.
his warning seems more apt than ever.
various models have been proposed.
in other words, europe’s real financial backstop no longer exists.
will it give citizenship to our children?
last year, the problem was southern italy.
their lives are intertwined and yet diverse.
barclays’ stock price rose slightly on the news.
latin america, by contrast, looks pretty good.
we must not repeat the mistakes made in bosnia.
europe's commitment to defense tells another story.
among emerging markets, only eastern europe was badly hit.
but kim’s calculus is different from that of most rulers.
tax evaders were offered deals to repay overdue taxes.
this has nurtured a culture of reciprocity.
the attackers used kalashnikovs, not hijacked planes.
cambridge – do we know how economies develop?
information technology can also reduce stress on the transportation system.
throwing money at the problem turned out to be unnecessary.
a growing number of signs support this hope.
true, perhaps but the record is far from brilliant.
what does all this mean for china?
in the event, however, she remained disappointingly quiet.
the international community’s continued support also will remain essential.
these disputes raise questions of both technical and theoretical importance.
the first is one of purpose.
nothing else can allow the greek economy to recover.
they made piles of money.
first, europe now has a true lender of last resort.
to be sure, redistributive fiscal policies often will remain necessary.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
the eu sits between a rock and a hard place.
this, too, could reduce investment in germany.
distribution is haphazard and uncoordinated, done with little thought.
today, it is the sovereign-debt crisis made in europe.
so am i.
how much would such repatriation cost?
we can take several steps to start reversing the damage.
paris – it is may 1968.
such decisive improvements are certainly possible and economically realistic.
morsi’s victory changed everything.
first, we must improve data and disclosure standards.
above all, he will need fresh sources of ideas.
o’neill reportedly said that “we are not pursuing...
similarly, pelé became the symbol of a harmonious, inter-racial brazil.
why not women?
the king was touted as a force for democratic change.
will the recovery continue at its frustratingly slow pace?
europe’s current disintegration is all too real.
such interventions neglect the lessons of history.
the syrian crisis has made that plain.
might makes right.
five flaws in the board’s fiscal plan stand out.
the current medical paradigm does the latter.
this demand will have to be met in some way.
and obama’s response?
this does not mean imposing rigid inflation targets.
he shows little inclination to lower corporate taxes.
manufacturing in europe is doing better than in the us.
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying hers trust.
second, “decarbonizing” the energy system is technologically complicated.
pollution, terrorism, pandemics, and climate change are global phenomena.
is there a new washington consensus?
trump would likely then accuse kim of betraying his trust.
dramatic, meaningful, and immediate steps must be taken.
the labor market has been similarly disappointing.
even singaporeans are beginning to get a little restless.
the rapid aging of china’s population exacerbates the challenge.
this was a good first step.
consider the 1997 kyoto protocol on climate change.
martin luther king, jr.
at home, all that is left is unconventional monetary policy.
not to be outdone, russia's foreign ministry joined the fray.
they never vote “for” anyone; they only vote against.
the latest wave of technological change is far from cresting.
but they have since recognized the value of reduced rates.
so, you pressure the imf and the u.s.
none of this has happened.
rowhani used this against her very effectively.
but moving germany’s gold is hardly helpful in this regard.
policymakers also will have to grapple with agi’s international dimensions.
they will not be the last.
why an engineer?
once again, russia's big businessmen have united behind chubais.
eu participants on the other hand represent ...
well, what exactly?
today, they are comparable with american income disparities.
those contributions are highly relevant to refugees.
or is it still continuing?
each will consider his or her csr view the best.
but time is short.
nowhere in east asia has “government” been demonized.
should the constitution establish a presidential or parliamentary system?
the terrorists have picked the wrong fight.
they didn’t deny that “excesses” of speculation may arise.
is ethnic cleansing coming to india?
it’s not much of a choice.
we have put big brother in our pockets.
the illusion of “paris on the nile” crumbled.
for the moment, the french are standing, overwhelmingly, behind hollande.
the ecb is experiencing exactly the opposite.
there is no doubting the scale of the qe programs.
• macroeconomic exit strategies.
in 1993, the first chechen war erupted.
this is a surprising development.
important as urgenda has been, juliana v.
governments can, of course, enforce public-sector wage cuts.
rather, it implies that we are co-creators of our identities.
the same reasoning applies to the greek crisis.
robotic messages are often difficult to detect.
and now, as then, only the eu can provide it.
something has to give.
it’s time for the real thing.
the time to act is now.
but the international community has a choice.
the question is how to defuse it.
worse, processing, bottling, and shipping the water is highly resource-intensive.
this tendency extends deeper than headscarves.
and that is not even remotely the case.
but that is beside the point.
the question is how.
in principle, she is right.
we can and must avoid the garden of eden syndrome.
it is taught in formal and informal school settings worldwide.
we know how that worked out.
no single factor explains this reversal of fortune.
yet hers intellectual influence remains.
raw politics caused hungary to open its economy.
but this would lead to an even greater tragedy.
but developing countries are also at risk.
among swedish industrial workers, the figure is 75% in favor.
europe in depression?
many ethiopians appear to have agreed with this strategy.
how long will the rest of its globalization agenda survive?
many arabs themselves knew what was wrong with their region.
here in the us, we call it the electoral college.
across the región, chávez’s influence was strong.
but aid is no panacea.
this happy state of affairs continues for a few centuries.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
this was easier said than done.
there is no way back to 2007.
the precautionary principle is not without its detractors.
after all, vested interests do not welcome challenges.
changes in foreign and defense policy are more considerable.
they should again offer iran direct talks.
this likely reflects increased attention to the details of care.
then our plans went awry.
but guess what?
increasing complexity is reflected in contemporary law and policy.
but not this time ­– at least so far.
do the math.
of course, the notion of energy security is fuzzy.
new york – oscar has spoken.
there is also an interventionist and crusading tradition.
today, many argue that aids is nearing its end.
that was certainly true after the two iraq wars.
while this is an over-simplification, it is understandable.
this has numerous implications for relations with employees.
nearly ten years later, japan is ready for strategic clarity.
why has that deal apparently collapsed?
now this bragging has become the eu's ideology.
unavoidably, old-new clichés emerged.
but brexit is not d-day.
and yet i think de tocqueville was right.
above all, the “soviet mind” was relatively easy to decipher.
what about “filtration” camps, or “human firewood”?
what is happening is both powerful and clear.
however, the expansionist view is gaining broad traction.
there is a third possibility, though.
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of hers job.
even today, donor governments’ aid efforts are poorly directed.
budget tightening will continue.
what will reverse it?
clearly, the economy is americans’ top concern.
israel does not have a comprehensive policy toward gaza.
does he respond promptly to teresa, but ignore anatoly?
a rising tide really does lift all boats.
have all of them engaged in competitive wage restraint?
one important constraint is labor supply.
banks could thus have their cake and eat it.
how independent is the ecb?
whither the us economy?
when the big powers were united, she could but obey.
is post-brexit london really doomed?
it feels like being labeled a failure.
in most cases, they have taken on more risk.
opened up search.
that sounds pricey – and it is.
these became known as copy number variants, or cnvs.
but there is something potentially even worse.
inequalities remain too high, and continue to grow.
rebuilding the country cannot be done cheaply.
but the bank undertook them anyway.
are moderate islamic intellectuals facing increasing criticism and challenge?
but other things were not equal.
so what is to be done?
but that is not how economic development usually works.
america needs obama, but mccain is a reasonable alternative.
they have a point, but not a decisive one.
it is a rough but fair portrait.
leu cannot be used to make weapons.
will it stay mild or turn more severe?
seoul – we are living in dangerous and uncertain times.
simply put, there is such a thing as excessive specialization.
negotiations should cover all forms of technology theft.
this vision of the world may seem idealistic.
the place to start is ukraine.
this obvious truth is forgotten frequently.
the capitalist economy was linked to a sado-masochistic anal complex.
why has religion returned to secular and democratic politics?
there is another interesting parallel with the new deal.
a new approach is needed.
its effect is almost as important as that of smoking.
the need for urgent, concerted action cannot be emphasized enough.
they are, above all, gaining time.
whatever happened to the european union’s lisbon strategy?
the result has been disturbing, to put it mildly.
g-8 summit and climate change
but they already have.
but this journey is far from complete.
but voters can still help shape their country’s future.
that sounds like important news for trump.
the consequences of this may be severe.
but more consumption today would further aggravate the pollution problem.
how corrupt are us capital markets?
these are not trivial benefits.
europe, however, seems to have missed the news.
that is not surprising.
the united nations is the devil’s own creation.
but dithering over michel camdessus's replacement ought to stop.
international trade flows have been directly affected as well.
for the moment, the omens are not good.
for starters, the us recovery remains weak.
now everything has changed.
start with russia.
first, europe needs a stability pact with teeth.
a low-trust society is the enemy of freedom.
some groups – prominently muslim chechens – are now separatist-minded.
the pro-aid coalition should read it carefully.
but cold-hearted calculation, reply the economists, is exactly the point.
this geography is turkey’s natural historical and cultural hinterland.
bush were still president.
the first is electricity generation.
it has no reason to intervene.
but they are paying for it.
we know this scene all too well.
but may’s problematic approach to immigration extends back further.
of course, there could be specific arrangements for particular sectors.
the final challenge the eu faces is structural.
a fundamental cause was political leadership.
likewise, che could kill with a shrug.
indeed, such hopes were misplaced.
they are not convincing.
building a knowledge-based economy using oil wealth is clearly possible.
anti-migrant parties already are in power in hungary and poland.
moreover, no deal can be made with hamas.
some even see trump as a potential american mussolini.
why in the us?
and, along the way, an intergovernmental process has become communitarian.
each alternative could have serious implications for india.
bringing the fighting to a halt will not be easy.
nor should they have to.
this kind of inequality should be a source of concern.
where does the money go?
this means broadening privatization.
and, to some extent, they are right.
trump has been vocally pro-israel.
who cares about the wall; forget politics; money rules.
the relationship shines far less brightly today.
but it might look very different in september.
will a decline in commodity prices hit latin america?
she follows any tactical retreat with renewed aggression.
so, where does this leave the uk?
if the margins were exceeded, members would consider re-alignment.
both have proved misleading and confusing.
today, we also share a common enemy.
when will the last person die of malaria?
of course, reform means change.
what would that mean for future uk economic policy?
but political tactics also play a role.
thus, genetic selection will inevitably move towards genetic enhancement.
is the "new economy" a fad?
fortunately, the authorities recognize this.
was it true?
enter soft power.
another lesson concerns africa's failed political leadership.
this, however, is highly unlikely.
perhaps europeans could elect a president.
but time is running very short.
this seems finally to be changing.
the eu says that those terms are unacceptable.
gandhi and the non-aligned movement remain important symbols.
this insight holds two possible policy implications.
turkey’s power rests primarily on its vibrant economy.
but the accumulation of experience is proving invaluable.
the end of convergence?
the united states is also a case in point.
neither agreement lasted long.
both hostile camps are wrong.
once again, nicaragua faces a possible sandinista restoration.
the statistics are grim.
this is not by accident.
we should not panic at the prospect.
that represents an absolutely phenomenal investment.
they borrow from banks.
the global economy’s groundhog day
so, when president george w.
what benefit can they expect from the wto?
but that remains a dangerous strategy.
this was an exaggeration, to be sure.
isn’t any plan better than none?
so the mutual-fund industry had the regulators all to itself.
the first concern in our thinking must be the future.
the report did, however, contain two surprising facts.
in the us, political scientist larry m.
this was not always the case.
geopolitically, germany would be consigned to an uncertain man-in-the-middle status.
and there are benefits to treating even younger children.
the would-be perpetrators also became the primary victims.
can trump save the euro?
america’s policies were clear.
malawi today is an urgent case in point.
the story of railtrack in britain is a warning.
people are weak and easily tempted.
fear of humiliation can have many causes.
some saw only one way out.
after all, african countries are not homogenous.
macron should have directed his attention to the latter issue.
this must change.
take the issue of financial inclusion and creditworthiness.
first, women must have legal status.
fortunately, they are not the only vote-getters.
barroso needs to respond to all these doubts.
third, are the company’s upstream suppliers sustainable?
is the technological alphabet getting shorter?
the war has turned into a quagmire.
many say that they are afraid of losing their jobs.
in some families, men are now the main earners.
this is what should be on the table.
moreover, mere elections should never be confused with democracy.
what has google ever done for us?
the interbank rate went from 5% to nearly 7%.
it is a question that transcends the uk’s “brexit” debate.
genocide cannot be defended on the grounds of pluralism.
it is a question of balance, competence, and respect.
no country can secure its own peace alone anymore.
this has spread a sense of unfairness.
europe suffers from a profound crisis of confidence.
such scandals have tainted japanese politics for decades.
business as usual is comfortable.
renewables are one reason for china’s declining resource intensity.
hers vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
as a result, disorderly breakup of the eurozone remains possible.
that is how it should be.
this has especially been the case with respect to china.
start with europe.
serious negotiations or hot confrontation with iran?
i understand reding’s reticence – and her frustration.
it has its own universe.
that is a grave mistake.
but what if the reforms were made more appealing?
north korea is one reason.
the defects of this compromise are apparent.
in practice, however, the answer could be more depressing.
outside europe, the “anything goes” attitude was never fully accepted.
as jacob wrote, “...the two systems appeared mechanistically miles apart.
healthy workers are more productive, boosting economic output.
one recent sign again concerns circuses.
trump can’t change this fact.
and to win will require clarity, unity, and firmness.
what african farmer, despite his lower initial costs, can compete?
that is especially true for rhinos.
these numbers surprised even president vladimir putin.
that is not a recipe for long-term stability.
the matter of parliament sitting has rarely been controversial.
this is easy to demonstrate.
last year, we presented a blueprint for action.
and it warned of similar effects around the world.
by annexing crimea, she lost ukraine.
hers innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
france has stepped up its monitoring of china’s african activities.
such arguments make reaching agreement virtually impossible.
indeed, some of the most appealing responses are relatively inexpensive.
many westerners eagerly pay more for “fair trade” coffee.
this pattern is consistent with reports from other developed nations.
that needs to change.
perhaps because spain played more beautiful football.
rising trade tensions are one such challenge.
more important, this inversion is likely to persist.
but not everyone is optimistic about china’s trajectory.
what have we learned?
would an iranian bomb really be so bad?
by whose authority and with what accountability?
reprieve or reform in europe?
the population challenge
start with industrial policy.
diplomacy cannot play a large role at this point.
it is none of those things.
that ethnic chinese malaysians rallied to dr.
they destroy our self-delusions.
trump and his supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
a pan-european bond would also have serious political repercussions.
as a result, it has failed to increase business investment.
but advanced countries will not emerge unscathed.
the renault-nissan alliance will support china’s ambition.
america’s foreign policy will be another key factor.
to be sure, progress has been made.
if nato fails in bosnia, its future is in jeopardy.
she has not yet formulated a full program.
the first area is access to financial products and services.
it remains to be seen how the rivalry will evolve.
some greeks have formed startups, though not in greece.
certainly, the supply of assets in china is ample.
he spoke with a cold, disciplined energy.
my father weighed his response carefully.
that seems optimistic, at best.
the bri is xi’s signature project.
of course, pessimism comes easy nowadays.
as a result, they have gravitated towards underground extremist movements.
if not, why are they so ham-fisted?
these are caricatures, but they express a very recognizable reality.
that is not good enough.
but i am skeptical.
the program was ill-conceived and sold by sleight of hand.
how the torturers were trained is also disclosed.
in germany, a “stability council” must approve state budgets.
for that, systemic reform is essential.
yet fixing the problem is easier said than done.
but are the americans willing to see it?
for where should they park their money?
almost everywhere else veered sharply to the right.
north and south korea are natural trading partners.
but all wood-related products represent barely 20% of finland’s exports.
the key is to enable legal migration.
instead, the index declined three times more steeply than others.
declining voter turnout tells the story.
paris – international cooperation is under strain.
just as mrs.
but policymakers continue to overlook this potential.
ukrainian officials insist they are still working sheremet’s case.
she has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
and it is not just education that is at stake.
in north korea, russian diplomacy has made even more progress.
there will never be a definitive answer.
freedom cannot be absolute, whether online or offline.
so what is the answer?
renewable sources will replace fossil fuels gradually.
the challenge ahead for the eu is daunting.
three things surprised me (and still do).
but the 60-year super-boom is a more complicated case.
reckless and undisciplined?
for a while, central banks accommodated that spending.
some fm stations have been locked down and are silent.
everyone needs to start thinking differently about the middle east.
clearly, women are a global force.
egypt’s establishment and its military are demonstrating far greater resolve.
unsurprisingly, the poor bear the brunt of the burden.
berkeley – where is america’s economy headed in 2013?
all else being equal, higher concentrations will warm the planet.
but structural changes will take time.
i do not believe all his supporters are racists.
people who lack courage, vision, and competence cannot lead.
but other dissidents remain free.
both proposals are thus politically unfeasible.
paris – primary elections in france?
is on its last legs.
florence – rewind to the late 1990s.
nor is that all.
but these auspicious circumstances will not last forever.
the big exception is germany.
the rest of the world must push back.
drainage courses and catchments have been fair game for developers.
the idea is compelling.
the assessment was wrong.
the us banking system, by contrast, is very well policed.
does the g20 still matter?
thereafter, torture in uzbekistan became routine.
retirees and their adult children alike prefer living independently.
but monetary policy cannot counteract the effects.
that seems a wise decision.
the majority of voters supported parties that opposed president kuchma.
but indian voters have turned against this model.
has hollande become, in this sense, a french gorbachev?
but the risks are as real as the potential rewards.
“this was premeditated,” he told the associated press.
likewise, italy is being encouraged to accelerate privatization.
surprisingly, buildings account for about one-third of global energy use.
but some will not.
the same is true for india.
but is all the market angst warranted?
yes, the americans want mubarak to leave – and quickly.
we cannot let this continue.
it depends on the investment.
my estimates, crude as they are, suggest a steep trade-off.
on what sources does the speaker base hers facts?
under mao, most chinese lived in poverty.
troubling interventions
party strategies are leading them in unexpected directions.
where is the serpent in the garden?
there is a serious risk that it will not.
none of this was inevitable.
the second important actor in abe’s campaign was china.
but the battle against deforestation is not lost.
the two issues are dated 23 years apart.
one option is a “preventive” military strike.
strangers in the land?
but climbing out will be difficult and painful.
china’s leaders find hers language inoffensive.
what may surprise the world most in 2015?
but we are unwilling to face them.
but solidarity was weak too.
two factors are intensifying the pressure on sarkozy.
yet the most recent g20 report also highlights some challenges.
china’s economy is also highly leveraged.
the dangers are obvious enough.
china is ready to initiate this rebalancing.
a wage premium based solely on citizenship is grating.
president donald trump, no surprise, doesn’t want to name names.
question: mario draghi, the ecb’s president, has undertaken several initiatives.
such broad evaluations tend to be rare.
europe will be back (the sooner the better).
by 1989’s end, the post-yalta europe was free.
regulatory encouragement may be helpful, perhaps even necessary.
it remains unclear whether or not that goal was fulfilled.
now hong kong itself is undoing the system.
to succeed, the post-2015 agenda must break the original mold.
so retribution was certain.
equality of respect is as important as equality of means.
north korea has been far less forthcoming about its intentions.
people save so much because insurance is so inadequate.
but not everyone accepted this path.
crucially, no one is arguing in favor of uncontrolled migration.
poland's right poses the most difficult case.
rouhani’s main challenges, however, are internal.
the fund is not often associated with creativity and compassion.
former president barack obama’s china strategy combined dialogue and pressure.
moreover, both extremes are strongly nationalistic.
but producing food is not enough.
but today is different.
unfortunately, the same danger arises in the context of re-profiling.
even before she became premier, mrs.
the “383” is shorthand for the plan’s content.
all emphasized exports; none grossly violated property rights.
provision of education and appropriate infrastructure is a minimum condition.
outside mediation can help.
the cause is not some particularly exciting test match.
you get back into the house.
the evidence on these questions is mixed.
london – africa is the youngest place in the world.
people may differ about the ethics of euthanasia itself.
but we benefit from these delusions.
but in that case, it must at least play well.
on the contrary, it has plenty of both.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded hers call.
principles aside, such a strategy will generally backfire.
europe is not identical with the eurozone.
i was worried whether anyone would show up.
the unlucky ones have to live longer.
today’s political climate is uncertain.
but these are not the only factors.
but it is not the only obstacle.
global politics has become even more precarious since last year.
the second reason is political.
they were wrong then – and they are wrong now.
we must not let it go to waste.
instead, the greek economy will shrink by 6%.
the world can trust mr.
china was not an outlier in 1989 at all.
an increase to 2% is warranted.
that’s good, but it also has a darker side.
yes, the euro can tend toward dollar parity.
she has never recanted.
nor would this scheme be inflationary.
their evil is chilling, but it is real.
the offer seems more like an effort to buy silence.
but this view is simplistic.
still, technology is not destiny.
besides, is inaction a real alternative?
like any indian, today i am angry, frustrated, and depressed.
the price of iron ore is down, too.
nonetheless, obama will go to cartagena, as she should.
environmental and water problems were mounting.
here, too, no action or resources backed the strong rhetoric.
the second case comes from bulgaria.
and the banks know it.
we should demand nothing less.
left unattended, major disruptions for human society could occur.
this means, above all, establishing a united voice on energy.
then gorbachev abruptly ended hers lecture.
how and why could such a thing happen?
turkey cannot confront these challenges alone.
if johnson lacks a plan, she is in good company.
both were extraordinarily large and demanding tasks.
but what might syria want?
of course, we are not reinventing the wheel.
that will exacerbate the banking crisis.
historic election in egypt?
but screening’s benefits are not as straightforward as supporters claim.
first, financing for early-stage research and development is growing.
but trump is no nixon, reagan, or anyone else.
bush) had no such effect.
but other outcomes are also possible.
the tea party's rise exacerbated this split.
rapid fiscal consolidation thus can be self-defeating.
what is going on here?
those days are gone.
hers national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
and such an outcome would only further strengthen the afd.
but sources can also do more to help.
i would like to offer my own five-point proposal.
central banks on the offensive?
but that didn’t stop him from tackling a controversial subject.
cambridge – what a difference two months make.
international law is the conscience of mankind.
here, pressure from trump may, for once, be helpful.
europe needs a leader to shape that role.
to president jonathan’s credit, she delivered clean elections.
ho chi minh was not saddam hussein.
if nothing else, syria remains a united nations member.
there are also local explanations for growing global instability.
different bits of kitsch, this time ukrainian, were richly represented.
china’s internal evolution also remains uncertain.
but “clean coal” is an oxymoron.
but there would be important differences between brexit and frexit.
but terrorism also needs to be stripped of its motivation.
since she first appeared at the side of dr.
surprisingly, the first country to reform was germany.
the responses from the chinese and indian participants were striking.
can the eu survive populism?
in some ways, this description is right.
in other words, culture transformed the evolutionary process.
instead, they dumped us in afghanistan.
the list goes on.
but that’s just the beginning.
but what if mnes provided the funds?
the age of electric vehicles is upon us.
so a specific pattern is emerging: states help each other.
but the problem won't go away.
they do not bind the rich countries at all.
this makes sense.
what is soft power?
protesters should clean up after themselves.
harvard graduates get great jobs.
consider, for example, the debate about bank regulation.
mody’s solution is logically coherent and looks attractive.
but that would be wishful thinking.
vox, on the other hand, represents spain’s traditional catholic right.
they identify intensely with him, whatever he does.
snowden has effectively given up his future.
but this is a less-than-ideal world.
these recessions will require painful adjustments.
memory, indeed, is running rampant.
others decided not to.
but they would remedy the euro’s main design flaw.
how can the new members catch up?
bronek, you were faithful.
one for the groin, one the forehead, temple, eye.
so, what needs to be done?
correct, because the npt was born with a loophole.
this is essential to preserving both vibrant markets and democracy.
unfortunately, such assumptions have a profound influence on policy.
diplomacy is largely absent.
possessing the wealth, he will have resources for expenditure.
people’s social lives stalled as well.
so how can this one-way betting be stopped?
what is really needed is better regulation of financial markets.
the coming demographic shift will also affect national saving.
hers appointees effectively control most ministries and iran’s major cities.
it needs the human rights commissioner.
indeed, “state vs.
market” is precisely the wrong way to think about it.
turkey’s new course
similarly, george w.
meanwhile, young people worldwide are struggling to find jobs.
sometimes one must choose the lesser evil.
hiv is an extremely complex virus.
in yemen, around one-third of the fighters are children.
but that approach would be complicated.
i see the same silliness happening.
a fourth concern appears to trump even the first three.
so far, experience has seemed to discredit this fear.
is religion necessary for morality?
this is not a unique situation.
closer integration across south asia would likely follow.
who has the right to what land?
moreover, this model may work on a smaller scale.
none is likely to become an american poodle.
disgusted, many ues shareholders sold their shares.
insurance companies operating in japan repaid some of the losses.
here, too, crisis breeds opportunity.
an american example here concerns privatizing the post office.
there are few other tools at hand.
two horrible world wars tore our continent apart.
but this is unlikely to happen any time soon.
but he and lyndon b.
the claim totally contradicts established climate economics.
their works are part of the continuous negotiation.
is the euro crisis over?
what should yahoo!
now it is back in fashion in washington.
but that is precisely the point.
the world needs to rethink the sources of growth.
the possibilities are endless.
there is no doubt that these are tumultuous times.
all too often, however, financing education is only an afterthought.
they stand idly by, abandoning you to death.
imagine this situation without america’s military and political strength.
the same applies to the world trade organization.
well-designed public investment banks are one such solution.
tomorrow’s strawberries and cream hasn’t been invented yet.
and who can blame him?
it could be placed within asean’s secretariat in jakarta.
was the financial sector too powerful for its policymakers?
asean’s economic potential is undoubtedly impressive.
democracy in the congo?
three potential coping strategies have emerged.
given the need, it ought to grow ten-fold.
second, policymakers must be realistic.
what should be its primary goals?
risk talking is valued, not shunned.
mad no more?
summers takes a broader view.
but they can be fun all the same.
we now have a much smarter way to proceed.
some universities have larger budgets.
in response, citizens illegally formed armed self-defense groups.
edgar hoover’s fbi promptly launched a secret investigation of him).
more importantly, he is all things to all people.
but why stop at governesses or presidential advisers?
in fact, such arguments are mere window dressing.
what are my chances of dying in space?
right here, right now is where we draw the line.
lackner is a world leader in new ccs strategies.
adam smith endorsed myriad government functions, including subsidizing education.
in fact, it is part of the problem.
the government europe deserves?
our freedoms are their tools.
the route to prosperity and freedom was not straightforward.
zombie assets would be destroyed.
well, he would say that, wouldn’t he?
the regulators called hers bluff and forced her to resign.
then the tables turned.
very little of it went to fixed investment.
some will doubt the importance of economic growth.
the poor go unprotected.
princeton – germany’s election result presents an odd paradox.
chicago – central-bank independence is back in the news.
some calm has returned, and oil production is resuming.
such demands are not new.
kissing and fondling in public, even by spouses, is taboo.
they gave themselves over to huge, dangerous, and heroic deeds.
as a result, america’s fed chairman today commands super-normal influence.
bold, sensible, and practical solutions are already available.
palestinians decided to take obama at hers word.
what happens next is likely to make for compelling viewing.
even marx justified british rule in india on these grounds.
why should nick be allowed to inherit so much money?
but for western europe the discussion seems more dubious.
but trump is not the only global risk.
but there is an alternative.
for the region, this was an historic moment.
widespread private-sector failures and growing unemployment followed.
there are just too many problems in the world.
millions of american workers have already reached that point.
the move roiled markets and intensified depreciation expectations.
that plan was eventually implemented in the dayton accords.
the us tops the list of isis’s enemies.
land is at the heart of development.
powerful people do well from booms and busts.
this amounts to “helicopter money” after the fact.
the tpp, for example, is dead.
fortunately, research suggests that such habits can be broken.
but she was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
unfortunately, all of these achievements may prove ephemeral.
fourth, in britain, the government must address the public-housing crisis.
there are certainly reasons to doubt it.
so, what role did politics play?
she must be homosexual.
these private-sector initiatives are certainly helping individuals and families.
the scientific evidence for global warming is unequivocal.
business became simply the continuation of politics by other means.
these two ideas are helpful in understanding chávez and morales.
quite the contrary.
caught early and addressed promptly, leprosy need leave no trace.
the international non-proliferation regime would collapse.
haste made waste.
they don't believe in loyalty or trust.
new tax revenues ease government budgets.
economic change is not new.
but abenomics has yet to benefit everyone.
and none of them has incentives to do so.
it may soon become economically untenable.
within both blocs, smaller powers clustered around the superpower.
crops, gardens, and orchards provided abundant food supplies.
that’s the good news.
the resulting policy confusion would be bad for everyone.
these states had no money and essentially no markets.
has neo-liberalism failed mexico?
so europe’s flagship policy is listing dangerously.
india’s economic data are promising.
sadly, there is little to celebrate.
some 58% of those surveyed supported it.
but this is just not so.
is the whole investment world on prozac?
but reaping a demographic dividend takes work.
public anger apart, such a system is untenable.
so one wonders about the purpose of this military build-up?
to this end, political and diplomatic support is essential.
but seldom has there been more uncertainty.
and how multilateral?
one hopes that others will soon follow its example.
serious politicians do not speak like that.
skills are attracted to challenge and possibility.
he wrote his thesis under tobin’s supervision.
but scare tactics did not work this time.
who owns bolivia?
today, many countries are learning gandhi’s lesson.
this would render its guarantees watertight.
why does europe seem hesitant?
ostensibly, putin’s system is working.
most social democrats were in fact fiercely anti-communist.
transportation, mostly cars, accounts for roughly another one-third.
this was the golden age of finance.
needless to say, this would be hugely counter-productive.
here, the non-proliferation dikes failed.
neither hezbollah nor amal wanted this.
the melting of arctic ice is one example.
multinational companies are feasting on unapproved, non-existent projects.
india, she claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
beyond capitalism, it seems, stretches a vista of…capitalism.
instead, they paved the way for hers defeat.
in singapore, ideological considerations reinforce strategic interests.
the british are quite comfortable with ambiguity.
the need is long overdue.
it is not hard to see why.
but even weak governments are not entirely helpless.
much hinges on whether she does.
lahore – pakistani institutions are evolving rapidly.
you are in a crowd when you hear your name.
an imploding venezuela is not in most countries’ national interest.
individual property rights and contracts scarcely existed under communism.
they are not even unusual within the artists’ oeuvres.
but, however shameful or frustrating, the truth is the truth.
both responses sir the mark.
price hikes are simply profit grabs by rent-seeking manufacturers.
why should that change now?
jakarta – modern miracles do happen.
only an omnipotent leviathan can ensure order and security.
many rural families can barely survive, let alone escape poverty.
but uncertainty is far better than knowing acquiescence.
america’s extended conflicts in afghanistan and iraq, however, are different.
another upturn in the us inflation cycle is at hand.
there is also an uninhibited self-confidence about them.
the truth is that sarkozy never really accepted hers defeat.
count to ten before you respond.
climate change science is a wondrous intellectual activity.
“what happens to a dream deferred?
investment banks’ commitments to leveraged buyouts became liabilities.
a system based on cantons?
this shift has not gone unchallenged.
indispensable partnership is about helping countries help themselves.
like recessive genes, they sometimes suddenly re-express themselves.
unsurprisingly, estate taxes are very effective at reducing inequality.
should we fear singapore-on-seine?
the uk labour party is moribund.
pests will thrive in the warmer climate and destroy crops.
amazon determines which books we read.
in the meantime, innocent lives were lost.
history is not on the side of this immorality.
the sooner our leaders acknowledge it, the better.
entrepreneurs also need access to talented mentors and support networks.
others see no connection between stimulus and renewed economic dynamism.
approaching the meeting, i was excited but nervous.
yet she remained unenthusiastic.
this was a historic error.
never before had she acted in a similar manner.
the north korea crisis requires similar strategic thinking.
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take him seriously.
this is already starting to happen.
stock exchanges in these countries have similarly continued to fall.
this outcome, of course, would involve greater integration.
addressing these water-related challenges requires heightened efforts in four areas.
this doesn’t mean that global warming is not true.
the political consequences are scarcely predicable.
but much of the pharmaceutical industry has abandoned this pursuit.
was it monetary policy error or something else?
no one, it seems, is being left out.
history bears this out.
this type of tragic calculus is strikingly common.
but the plan’s execution has been flawed.
job creation has picked up.
the war on drugs takes many forms.
employers might also expect disabled workers to cost more.
legally constraining this capacity would be self-defeating.
the final oddity of the ecb’s stance concerns democratic governance.
and, 70 years ago, japan was defeated.
but the unhcr also suffers from internal shortcomings.
so much for unfettered capitalism!
today, similar arguments are made about energy.
but reality here is more complex and more troubling.
this matters for nigeria’s future.
and some donors are already stepping up.
but the reasons for her rise are not entirely salubrious.
this has not always been so.
but it never happened.
in the late 1950’s, countless stalin monuments were demolished.
consistency alone would be a big boost for confidence.
this partly reflects borrowing-cost differentials.
broadly speaking, then, italy’s situation is not unique.
indeed, does my friend have a right to their time?
winata's perjury case was resolved.
there is hope today, too.
enormous research efforts have already been devoted to this problem.
governments had to bail out their banks.
but plastics also pose a serious environmental threat.
but it also erodes the ethical fabric of political life.
this trend is reinforced by demographic shifts.
against these claims, a healthy humanism imposes limits.
what role will elected village leaders play in the future?
but their calculation is based on a false premise.
trust was based on local knowledge fortified by continuous contact.
the particular characteristics of the impending transformation remain unclear.
there is much that liberals can learn from it.
for the eu, partnership with the uk brings demonstrable advantages.
we think so.
these groups took on a life of their own.
yet re-elect her they did.
are we running out of oil (again)?
no doubt, the world bank has good intentions.
florence – in the end, as always, europe acted.
eighteen months later, he played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no.
1 in g minor to an admiring audience of friends.
other indicators, however, paint a different picture.
above all, we must use goals to focus policy.
china’s past experience is a good illustration.
such public costs and benefits are not equal.
they felt their status slipping.
fear must not win the day.
that was the core democratic intention.
the correlation is palpable.
posturing over kashmir remains the best way of doing that.
but policies to improve nutrition come closer than most.
the solutions going forward include the following measures.
the reality of the times was that he was both.
isn’t that extremely disproportionate for an otherwise highly responsible bank?
moreover, fiduciary duties only aspire to prevent insiders from stealing.
is the erosion of the middle really inevitable?
whatever happens next, brazil is not out of the woods.
public intellectuals are not the only people in danger.
he has done exactly the opposite.
of course, many liberal europeans are still alive and well.
there are, of course, crucial differences.
i am amazed and amused that economists ignore my arguments.
but article 4 does not relate only to imminent threats.
the model works because it leverages neighbor-to-neighbor accountability.
and trump will remain unpredictable.
but we are not yet at that point.
they can do so very easily: by following the law.
both are hoping for a direct us war with iran.
so, what went wrong?
after its political upheaval, italy now needs an economic one.
but its very dynamism--its "creative destruction"--tends to produce great uncertainties.
post-war germany has been fortunate in its chancellors.
but how relevant are such examples?
how much transparency is too much?
end consumers, particularly the poor and vulnerable, would also suffer.
they were wrong.
but this argument is flawed because of two distinct facts.
french troops are now set to return home.
there were large-scale violent conflicts and much ethnic cleansing.
to a large extent, this is a failure of policy.
steering a course between double-speak and necessary selectivity is hard.
in popular opinion, negotiations have reached a dead end.
and we are working to address costly border inefficiencies.
but news journalism is not an expendable luxury.
in the past, this might have happened via tax spillovers.
it also applies to outbreaks like the ebola epidemic.
ultimately, only the polish people can decide their country’s fate.
there is also the uncertainty factor.
with expanding knowledge, analyzing genomes becomes easier.
educating people about the importance of recycling is not enough.
but there is another way to look at the disparity.
russia's elite still embraces this vision.
the 2012 study had a tangible impact.
the political logic behind such a plea is straightforward.
formation of methane hydrate was noted, but was not decisive.
generally, yanukovych’s foreign policy appears reactive.
that remains true today.
the us should continue pushing hard for a solution.
the alternative view is more pragmatic and rules-based.
humanity’s fight against hunger can be won.
but its growth has been waning.
next year, accordingly, europe and the us will look alike.
on may 29, the supreme court denied beatriz’s appeal.
in the us, former president george w.
one is people in distress.
doing so leads to a stark conclusion.
but the window will not stay open for long.
even in may.
fear and upward momentum in home prices go together.
reality has disappointed.
but, after years of success, tb is making a comeback.
this reinforces him need to maintain distance from musharraf.
but key challenges lie ahead.
but it is worse than that.
that growth model has now almost exhausted its potential.
this raises a raft of other questions.
he is right.
on december 19, 2003, libya formally renounced all wmd efforts.
corporate profitability is increasingly driven by digital capabilities.
a decade ago, synthetic drugs were a do-it-yourself cottage industry.
instead, she presented herself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
the global financial crisis exposed that reality.
cyprus presents visitors with a deceptive image.
the key to enforcing this accountability is active citizenship.
the us is determined to stop it.
like many countries, india’s gender inequalities are deeply entrenched.
kenya and china have long cooperated on large infrastructure projects.
is america facing this third type of recession?
the lower the number, the more important verification will become.
the rhetoric, especially on the republican side, will be muscular.
that did not happen.
a lone bull standing in a meadow.
as an asian secretary-general, i hope to see this change.
will the dam break in 2007?
a plutocrats summit?
presidents jimmy carter, ronald reagan, george h.
bush, bill clinton, and even george w.
agency rivalries will be avoided.
another is increasingly integrated with the us and canada.
she regularly took credit for stock-market gains.
triggering that exit is transparently germany’s intent.
in the meantime, real interest rates are sky high.
are wages too high?
whatever the tribunal’s decision, china will simply shrug it off.
we owe her our collective thanks.
bowles shows that we have distinct frameworks for analyzing situations.
suicide rates and opioid overdoses are soaring.
to that end, there is still much to be done.
but this theory is not convincing.
the euro's exchange rate has since endured a roller-coaster ride.
ttip’s strategic potential can hardly be overstated.
indeed, it is clear that ratings were ridiculously distorted.
globalization must not be allowed to blind us.
this is perhaps the welfare state’s most glaring weakness.
but that is not the main point.
charity begins at home.
true, one can find a new hotel or two.
queens borrowed, often internationally, to finance wars and other expenditures.
while integrating migrants undoubtedly presents challenges, they can be overcome.
this idea confuses prediction with recommendation.
indeed, privatization of major public-sector behemoths is no longer mentioned.
developing and developed nations alike must invest in reducing emissions.
of course, putin might know whereof he speaks.
in turn, southern europe is getting angry.
cambridge: america’s long boom is at risk.
that diplomatic project is far from absurd.
gusmão had forged a coalition with three other centre-left parties.
there are two preponderant interpretations of the talmudic passage.
this is not an issue that will fade away.
macron and a sixth republic?
football mobilizes energies and unites enthusiasms.
the eib should expand its lending.
it is a new beginning.
only openness and accountability can reverse this trend.
private hypocrisy breeds public hypocrisy and crime.
the move immediately landed both women in prison.
trump and netanyahu are going to have to talk palestine.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was hers undoing.
this type of spending structure is nothing new to china.
finally, in 1980, the world was officially free of smallpox.
third, businesses have a critical role to play.
the parties of reform and of europe triumphed.
the climate change agreement: bridging gaps through science
w: no?
so risk is inherent in every decision we make.
cigarettes are also highly addictive.
instead, much of it will find its way abroad.
nonetheless, gender parity in the sciences remains a distant goal.
and make no mistake: such engagement is indispensable.
failing that, warming will rise significantly above 1.5°c.
senegal’s democratic tradition deeply shapes ordinary people’s expectations.
“oh, you can have labor rights without democracy,” weisel insisted.
václav havel was a fan of zappa.
stock markets are rallying.
“when that happens, change can occur very quickly.
americans learned these lessons the hard way.
but the extent of misalignment remains an open question.
but this argument does not apply to greece.
the only real question was when it would.
all variants of eurobonds come with supposedly strong conditionality.
chances are i know several alices.
a wide range of interventions belong to this category.
there were significant improvements in disease control as well.
insurgent attacks have killed 11 chinese workers since 2004.
power to the people
that’s the good news.
and what can be done about it?
in these circumstances, however, that instinct is wrong.
now we hear that it doubles every two years.
during the presidential elections mrs.
andrzej olechowski ran as an independent candidate.
therefore, it cannot last.
mutual trust must be reinforced.
has oil production peaked?
he was not a bad farmer.
i asked to have that line disconnected.
whatever the primary motivation of president george w.
what can we – and he – expect?
and the need for international coordination poses an additional difficulty.
the eu has highly talented, highly educated people.
each country has its own agenda.
it is not safe for me to go home.
a clear case is environmental protection.
but it is also flawed.
one might be tempted to rely on historical experience.
indeed, this is the only acceptable identity.
yes, we have our share of challenges.
for all of hers grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
and, whatever his motive, macron’s message is sound.
still, the northern europeans have a point.
this perception could not have been more wrong.
in that case, my slip was a desire for self-punishment.
despite its popularity, however, al jazeera has not succeeded financially.
but that seems politically untenable.
transparency must be improved, and corruption must be rooted out.
no man is an island, the poet john donne said.
london is certainly a multicultural metropolis.
second, southeast asian countries now have more flexible exchange rates.
she recommends that the chinese government export this model abroad.
the end of want?
in some countries, political leaders already serve longer terms.
the situations in malaysia and thailand are less promising.
fiscal devaluations already have some advocates.
thus far, duterte’s gamble appears to be paying off.
fola was expert at doing a lot with a little.
bangladesh is no exception.
but his case is very different.
she was obsessed by the ideal of unity.
when the crosses fade, the mothers repaint them.
both depreciations eroded the incomes of developing countries.
this is not an entirely new idea.
the euro’s fate could well depend on it.
the world should pay them no heed.
but are the two parties ready for it?
many great historical figures have suffered from obesity without discrimination.
mitchell gave a similar invitation to abbas.
so far, however, progress has been slow.
but myths are a collective and mysterious construction.
so, again, it is easier to blame the fed.
since then, the term has had ups and downs.
does this mean that “deficits don’t matter”?
elections can be falsified imperceptibly.
important initiatives have also been implemented at the municipal level.
at that time, the rescued workers knelt down and wept.
there remains the most fundamental issue of attitude.
the first shots in this battle have already been fired.
so, what has happened to america since then?
that neglect is a human tragedy.
of course, there are serious structural impediments.
the us is far from that point.
why, you may ask, is that news?
this is clearly no longer the case today.
they provide pricing benchmarks in financial markets.
fourth, there is the currency crisis.
ban the beef?
this cannot go on.
this prospect is hardly encouraging.
we have the knowledge and the tools.
indeed, the opinion polls remain tight.
first, “connectivity wars” will be commonplace.
unfortunately, his remains a lonely voice.
unfortunately, there are worrying signs that this is happening.
here are the facts.
yet power abhors truth, and battles it relentlessly.
china now faces a dilemma.
the experience here suggests that the outcome is positive.
but much has changed.
caplan had won a clear victory.
we can only hope that it does not catch on.
our energy security is in our own hands, not russia’s.
in principle, this can be accomplished elsewhere.
but that doesn’t mean they trust the government.
but bush was no movie star.
she got hers forecast wrong.
they are cultural beings from the outset.
so, what should be done?
trumping the renminbi
consensus forecasts do still seem optimistic.
indeed, governments ignore this proviso at their peril.
in two decades’ time, high unemployment would creep back.
poland had lech walesa; czechoslovakia václav havel.
obama’s bitter afghan legacy
but these memories are growing dim.
we heard personal stories of unimaginable heartbreak, pain, and despair.
finally there are borderline cases, like britain.
but much more needs to be done.
technological solutions are also worth exploring.
america's fiscal and trade deficits are intimately linked.
such a mandate has not yet been secured.
this must be distinguished from a national policy decision.
the problem is the lack of unambiguous evidence of mithridatism.
i was the lone dissenter.
those in “other finance” often engage in similar behavior.
the later the breakup, the worse the ultimate outcome.
the problem is not individual error.
from cairo to california
it is a fantasy.
states and localities are cutting back expenditures.
true, germany has its share of problems.
president chen agreed to a recount.
the scorecard will be open and accessible to all.
whatever the imf’s faults, the cdb is a disgrace.
can high oil prices be good?
second, broad coalitions must be formed.
if it does not, the debate will take place elsewhere.
they expose cracks in the wall of dictatorial power.
a lost half-decade is quickly turning into a whole one.
chinese leaders and economists already know all of this.
during a recession, people pull back and reassess their views.
so far, this is precisely what has happened.
a sharp and ill-considered reduction of the civil service began.
south korea has made “green growth” a central economic goal.
the federal government – under both president george w.
so has ban.
the downturn caused the deficits, not the other way around.
this is a vicious cycle, not a virtuous one.
this gap is not about the number of women farmers.
washington, dc – germany’s gold is on the move.
emerging market lending would once again get hit.
absent a visible payoff, reform fatigue is setting in.
three million lives will be lost to hiv/aids.
they tend to expect the state to take care.
for japan, low levels of english fluency compound the challenge.
that phrase is on everyone’s tongue nowadays.
this last point has broader implications.
“read my lips: no new taxes,” bush famously declared.
yet, again, the decoupling is not complete.
twenty-five countries have signed on to the principles since 2008.
his opponents must be incorporated into the decision-making process.
she is representing hers own centrist movement (en marche !).
but the work is far from over.
words have consequences and can inflame thuggery or worse.
unfortunately, this danger is all too real.
the second issue is terrorism.
the us is now focused on a rising asia.
whatever his motivation, trump does possess some significant advantages.
these are undoubtedly steps in the right direction.
peres presented his candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
despite warnings about impending horrors, action was timid.
only such a system can effectively advance sustainable development.
this is linked to resentment of immigrants.
but trying to obtain stability from rigidity is illusory.
-- would make the situation even worse.
it is time to change course.
will democracy die last?
we are alarmed that expectations for cop17 are so low.
millions of men around the world do not.
in this mix, violence escalated.
the private sector also needs greater incentives to take risks.
but such a bill would not pass congress.
but there is a new twist.
this national characteristic is not limited to individuals.
one popular scenario is chronic inflation.
we are about to see it in italy and brazil.
of course, there are practical challenges.
some argue that the global economy cannot afford adaptation.
it is a quandary trump seems to grasp.
by concentrating wealth narrowly, globalization produces more threats than opportunities.
now they are about to make waves.
democracy in russia has taken a beating.
but what structures should regulators seek to encourage?
in fact, one must search for any notable achievements.
slower growth means less revenue, and a faster downward spiral.
but we have a chance to change this.
the government’s rescue policies appear to be working.
this will now end, likely quite soon.
russia’s problem was debt and deficits, not the exchange rate.
in hers memoirs, us president lyndon b.
the question is asked honestly but without much self-awareness.
it represents neither islam nor humanity’s most basic values.
saudi arabia’s relationship with the us is more superficial.
today, mobile banking can translate compassion into dollars.
has economic power replaced military might?
a more equal income distribution operates to increase aggregate demand.
elsewhere, things are pretty much the same.
western countries therefore need to understand three things in particular.
the wartime symbols were not misplaced at all.
it is the classic form of exploitative leadership.
where are the islamists?
the assumption was that political integration would follow.
this confuses even trained foreign diplomats who negotiate with europe.
three measures stand out.
“rejuvenation through immigration is an endless treadmill,” he says.
shamefully, it did not.
both went unmentioned in most reports.
but trump seems unlikely to reverse course.
quite the contrary.
britain never was very popular in france.
poverty reduction rests on trade
this new protectionism raises problems.
he certainly can’t sustain it for long.
another factor that has been overlooked is the chinese consumer.
last month alone, they visited five large cities without success.
our societies are more resilient, open, and diverse than ever.
on april 15, the fund sent a $9.6 billion installment.
the resolution reflects the stark reality that serbia now faces.
the men we spoke with shared markedly similar stories.
the japanese authorities seem to recognize this, in theory.
the no vote sullied this image of a balanced france.
civil society should agitate for action and accountability.
the latter’s pursuit of nuclear arms is particularly worrying.
in response, many banks curtailed their cross-border business.
what explains this seeming contradiction?
for that reason alone, it should become an international priority.
america’s zombie prison
altruism makes us all better off.
putin surely knows that his position is shaky.
this has a major impact on their future prospects.
the price for inaction is considerable.
trump’s own businesses have benefited from such government interventions.
so brazil is on a collision course with the future.
so where is the global economy headed?
thus far, the trade war has gone through four phases.
here is where sunni-shiite cooperation comes in.
and she depicted the old zionist “left” as traitors.
queen is not to be feared just for hers words.
in this sense, khashoggi’s murder sends a powerful message.
the lack of a fiscal framework hindered credibility.
and all chinese are gasping in the same polluted air.
there is also a macro-deflationary problem.
the country's already thin social fabric frayed.
think of it as defining diplomacy up.
hers sentiments remain relevant for today's india.
more innovation could definitely help.
they may be right.
· establish a european research council.
some insufficient tax improvements for small enterprises are under way.
let’s not discount that statement.
but the poor do not benefit from trade automatically.
for the love of god.
after all, pakistan is a nuclear-armed, terrorist-spawning regional power.
these events are not without precedent.
it is said to be lawless and corrupt.
if so, can we avoid a similar fate?
vartan gregorian is president of carnegie corporation.
in short, they are turning tornado politics into abortion politics.
trade policies are not just about dollars and cents.
it is produced – or “mined” – through effort.
this commitment has paid off.
but morsi is not entirely without accomplishments or supporters.
one is his long-term focus.
at one extreme, totalitarian doctrines would lead to state domination.
but those days are over.
a similar story can be told about tourism.
chicago – poor ben bernanke!
i benefited from that, as did countless others.
this is not the case under proportional representation.
and processing and transport add a significant carbon footprint.
but their impact is fleeting.
economy: is it the next bubble to burst?
small wonder, then, that dalit businesses struggle to compete.
investment and employment decisions would be postponed or canceled.
such shutdowns will be increasingly difficult to enforce.
borders have been made more secure and societies more resilient.
this compromise was supposedly hammered out in tough negotiations.
are they korean or american?
we envision council-like institutions at two levels in poland.
making matters worse, george w.
deposit outflows will cease.
indeed, private enterprise can create powerful interests vested in peace.
toward liberty, equality, and sorority for all of europe?
of course, no fix to global warming will work overnight.
it also applies to civic goods and practices.
instead, it is stored in spent-fuel pools.
congress, indeed everyone in america, should take her seriously.
greece is clearly insolvent.
until then, the lonely battle for its abolition must continue.
since then, china’s exports have grown five-fold.
forget gold as an inflation hedge; buy paintings.
so the optimal source for antioxidants is diet, not supplements.
especially sensitive is the targeted killing of trade-union leaders.
there is much more to come.
a counter-protest was organized, and street fighting broke out.
the west has already isolated gaza’s hamas-controlled government.
london – history has no final verdicts.
maybe that’s really how it is.
poor families lack access to contraception and family planning.
there, too, the icty will not be missed.
low interest rates have lately been squeezing banks’ profits.
no country has come forward so far.
disney could not have worked a more seductive transformation.
the situation in libya today is not identical.
other key inter-governmental organizations face their own limits.
these must be plugged.
this will not be easy.
that transformation was not new.
it is clear that corruption must be combated.
the country’s neighbors, particularly japan, have the most to fear.
but south korea does have some advantages over japan.
an agreement to launch a legal process.
this is no longer an option.
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
at the simplest, we expect europe to be fair.
complacency is not an option; negotiations must begin now.
“we are linked, but not combined.
eventually, she surrendered, before being taken back to turkey.
now is the time to come together.
in soviet russia, marxism-leninism incurred comparable excess.
our approach must be hard-headed-engagement.
boston is by no means exceptional.
in this sense, hurricane sandy was like gun violence.
the kremlin has done nothing to deserve such a reward.
so new rules of the game are needed.
so how can we use them most effectively?
the first approach relies on time, profitability, and eventual workout.
they can affect each other both positively and negatively.
demand is related to mistrust of conventional stores of value.
and why stop at just one holiday season?
but it is not enough.
hardliners emerged triumphant in the wake of the crackdown.
cultural divisions are also more intense.
london – after world war i, h.g.
both choices are good things.
but this is true only to a point.
the uk will not be considered a special case.
but trump has already roiled the transatlantic alliance.
meanwhile, famine in the horn of africa continues.
costs are saved.
in fact, most human motives are mixed.
traditionally, contract manufacturers in china are scattered and fiercely competitive.
she was expected to fail.
yet no country can afford to ignore the transformation.
values are grown from a specific history and geography.
in aggregate terms, perhaps not.
why aren’t people blithely expecting more years of expansion?
it is a symptom of american vitality.
but national supervisors and governments retain a significant role.
nato soldiers die in vain.
with the commedia dell’arte, every performance was different.
putting privatization on hold is entirely sensible.
but the time for bickering is over.
the big puzzle is what assad wants with lebanon.
in some families, women are now the main earners.
again, not surprisingly, politicians tried to have this finding deleted.
that is crazy.
instead, greece got a hastily arranged referendum.
the consequences of such “fake news” are serious.
the death-defying dollar
dismantling the entire process makes no sense.
but neither diplomatic stance is likely to continue indefinitely.
but this is naive.
they exported little.
simpson is not making sense.
half of all private-sector jobs were lost.
fact-based studies like these are needed now more than ever.
exemptions invite abuse.
that brings us back to the amazon fires.
photograph of alpha condé by youri lenquette.
it also enables comparison of health-care performance among countries.
so how can policymakers do the most good?
but is that to be the case?
a relatively minor, technical difference in means, you might say.
before the wounds had fully healed, the treatment was terminated.
but this may be changing.
bp’s corporate responsibility is huge.
– and violates world trade organization rules.
some wishes really are better left unfulfilled.
this presents a fundamental contradiction.
it was the worst global crisis since the great depression.
third, support digital-literacy projects in emerging markets.
the yugoslav president acted on his own.
in the short run, it is clear who lost.
they don’t deserve it.
the cyclist lance armstrong recently celebrated an anniversary.
the basis for this cooperation must be altruism.
paris – we must halt the massacre in aleppo.
even in muslim communities, diversity has been dwindling.
all of this was predictable.
the market for such securities has now vanished.
many are already upon us.
the rest of central america is taking note.
i think of a woman named joyce sandir.
kim’s nomination is a tremendous step toward that goal.
there are, no doubt, other dimensions to the productivity puzzle.
so the wait-and-see approach is likely to continue.
for starters, bio-fuel subsidies should be abolished.
above all, the west must work closely with china.
as a result, america’s children have become worse off.
we’ll call you when the vote takes place.
none of these institutions exists at the global level.
which states will accept china as asia’s leader?
afterward, each national program would be monitored, audited, and evaluated.
europe, thy name is cowardice
this, too, seems doubtful.
there’s a conflict between business interests and moral values.
the tug-of-war will continue for the foreseeable future.
the difference will hinge on voter turnout at the margins.
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," she said.
indeed, there is a cycle in regulatory confidence.
the gap between the rulers and the ruled widens everyday.
these experiences are vital in shaping the post-2015 development agenda.
european governments are particularly biased.
that doctrine has always been philosophically controversial.
islamists in iran and egypt have a strong ideological connection.
this phenomenon is relatively new.
it is also liberating economically.
it is imperative to continue capitalizing on this trend.
neither bush nor schroeder seem ready for this.
yet these good-neighborhood policies did not work out as intended.
the world also already has a prosperity-spreading mechanism.
the remedy must lie in adopting the right structural reforms.
whether it will succeed or not cannot be known.
official pressure remains enormous.
devaluation, indeed, remains a taboo.
the “limitations” that vázquez spoke of are vast.
that case is not yet proven.
only a handful of them really will be.
it might make her a bit less keynesian.
but their expectations often are disappointed.
speaking to russia with one voice is absolutely essential.
a “virtual civil society” is in the making.
obviously, such a comparison has its limits.
the risks to the rules-based trading system are profound.
but there, alas, the similarities between europe and america end.
they could begin by enhancing the efficiency of violence-related expenditure.
but things are not always so quiet.
some targets are even more misguided.
brazil, meanwhile, has exhibited commendable political and macroeconomic stability.
it is also our obligation.
this could change.
changes like these have been discussed for 30 years.
at the root of this crisis lies poor governance.
could the transatlantic relationship weather the storm?
thanks to globalization, it lies in our trade partners!
indeed, hu has sought to restore some of mao’s luster.
on this issue, bryan was ahead of his time.
paris – us president franklin d.
this severely limits the prospects of men and girls.
a bit of statistical analysis reveals further important patterns.
exchange generates interdependence.
is another new deal feasible?
and, during its first decade, the euro ostensibly delivered.
monarchic and theocratic systems have both failed.
they were wrong about that, too.
fortunately, a growing number of muslims today would agree.
as important, a bureaucratic meltdown is needed.
lumping all three together as globalization only causes confusion.
i co-edited the book with jonathan d.
the crucial issue is market access.
a president’s modernizing vision degenerated into a dictator’s power-driven myopia.
so competition cannot be stopped.
for various reasons, savers have become ascendant across many regions.
so lepper became parliament's deputy speaker (one of four).
but facebook does not show that information to you.
we could even call this the obama round.
of course, my decision faced plenty of criticism.
joseph stalin initiated the modern cult of ivan the terrible.
nor are such concerns limited to the us.
how can we know if these predictions are correct?
tsipras must lead the way by building a broad consensus.
they reacted with a somewhat “defiant nationalism” to critical observations.
that said, the prize fund would not replace patents.
tribal emotions are embarrassing, and dangerous when given free reign.
surely changes like this can be handled better.
but that raises a new problem: illusionary precision.
and yet scaring off potential parents continues.
they are protesting poorly constructed water and transportation infrastructure.
the difficulties in determining cause and effect must be acknowledged.
second, education challenges apathy.
what’s wrong with contemporary capitalism?
chinese money strengthens local elites and often fuels corruption.
rivalry over the baltic states and ukraine would begin.
el salvador is latin america’s most interesting success story.
we must not miss our chance.
but this is an arbitrary criterion.
who got it wrong, what critical decisions derailed success?
today, this vision looks tarnished, if not deeply flawed.
hers tyranny rivaled the worst of the twentieth century.
syria’s energy and banking sectors should be fully covered.
the new movement espouses the same program as mr.
for that, they need to be held accountable.
the courts did their job.
such an outcome would have serious consequences for latin america.
stock, and mark w.
and these are not just two freak stories.
this should help the more pragmatic conservatives.
on january 1, the euro celebrated its sixth birthday.
tobacco kills far more people than these drugs.
in short, cuba is frustrating and contradictory.
consider the development of online search in the broadest terms.
here the oecd and g-20 can play an important role.
the eurozone would also have to deepen integration.
but this past february, at ortega’s request, they were resumed.
what is the resulting scope for democratic choice?
yet economic levers remain trump’s weapon of choice.
innovation is indeed the lifeblood of any country’s sustained prosperity.
he was right.
they may be right.
this will be especially pertinent for emerging middle-income economies.
one such moment was the stock market crash of 1987.
the chinese hardly invented this game.
fortunately, we have a good independent test.
will authoritarian mercantilism now succeed where communism failed?
humala’s own ambiguous words offer little guidance.
it is behavior to be discouraged or even banned.
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” she said.
but it wasn’t enough.
that is not surprising.
trading firms need to bribe customs bureaucrats.
the geopolitical concerns are more difficult to address.
fortunately, there is also some good news.
in 2014, it was a relatively anemic 7.4%.
what could go wrong in america?
like trump, xi does not do capitulation.
china now faces a dilemma.
indeed, a sovereign-debt crisis is inevitable.
but we are where we are.
animal spirits are not always shattered by extraordinary economic events.
in 2001, after two decades of democracy, it was 2.6.
that is a lesson that japan has taken to heart.
in jordan, iraqi children cannot go to public schools.
can we apply that surplus to something “useful”?
to open a bank account requires proof of address.
think about that for a minute.
its public debt was almost eliminated.
so, finally, the truth is emerging.
excessive fiscal deficits in many western countries must be reduced.
this could be very good news for the uk.
these are the players being asked to fund the efsf.
networks come in many shapes and sizes.
in 1931, pius xi took credit.
until the yukos affair, capital flight was reversing.
but when you are excluded, you are permanently alone.
parliamentary democracies should have nothing to do with them.
an active search is on for new models.
"sharia is something expandable.
instead, he sought the political containment of a political threat.
no amount of red-baiting or french-bashing will change that.
it may be the world’s most significant investment company.
as a result, it hostesses more than 372,000 refugees.
free enterprise and democracy sustain each other.
this is not a trivial point.
but the plan’s limited scope undermines this impression.
a third boost to economic growth will come from deregulation.
the deviations from standard inflation targeting do not stop there.
this is not a new situation.
the challenges facing both are monumental.
at this year’s just-concluded sco summit, the pattern continued.
both sides are taking steps that are deepening bilateral tensions.
second, he does democratic politics a service.
so what is to be done?
one hopes that it will furnish an ambitious agenda.
the science remains key.
but nor did nineteenth-century colonialists think of themselves as immoral.
this is very urgent in order to calm the panic.
this is likely to continue.
this is why we can't tickle ourselves.
all this is a rude shock for europe.
but make no mistake: vox is a uniquely spanish phenomenon.
such debt-driven bubbles have long been known to be unsustainable.
had the american people chosen john f.
kerry over george w.
consider an example from the action blockbuster genre.
is the plane heading down, requiring action?
and right now, the united states is leading the world.
indifference is their greatest enemy.
true, the cabinet is being reshuffled to elevate younger ministers.
but it’s not too late.
for the moment, however, they are tearing their hair out.
but america should be careful about what it wishes for.
the story is similar in vietnam and laos.
too many economists are tone-deaf to such distinctions.
but the real surprise was to come later.
but first and foremost on the list are europe’s.
so far, that does not seem to be happening.
the project was successful.
stable coins purport to solve these problems.
clearly, reaching gender parity will be no easy feat.
it can be summed up in one word: eurobonds.
the occupation troops went on a rampage.
it doesn’t have to be this way.
perhaps many voters are, too.
but the creation of a european en marche !
you’re getting medical help on the cheap.
but so did the european union, abetted by germany.
but there are obvious limits to what can be achieved.
nevertheless, strategic anxiety lurks below the surface, particularly in india.
either way, japan's middle class is hollowing out too.
but this is unlikely.
no quick institutional fix can solve a problem like that.
and yet the new tools are everywhere.
it will exacerbate highly unequal competition.
externally, in turn, other european banks would be affected.
the ratings could then be used to guide drug-purchasing decisions.
it’s the same story with competitiveness.
official cooperation also spurs informal coordination.
can exploitation be avoided?
there is an opportunity here for leadership.
tv stations are separate.
one approach is based on the sasa!
should we make air pollution our top priority?
people operated in small groups and fended for themselves.
the fiscal consequences of trump’s proposals would be mixed.
fear of finance is on the march.
will russia’s official creditors be less blinkered than in 1991-92?
trump, whatever hers intent, is forcing europe to reinvent itself.
this was not what chinese officials expected.
for the moment, the right looks right.
but a different form of community evolves in cities.
i call it nanbu (no antibiotics, no business).
violent revolutions are rarely followed by liberal regimes.
european countries, meanwhile, criticize the current military strategy.
bush – emphasized the common endeavor.
i know the country well.
there are useful analogies for policies in other countries.
valletta, malta – with col.
china is a perfect example.
she had to pay for that with hers job.
but that is not something they can influence much.
globally, we should invest much more in such innovation.
indeed, it is not yet near to hitting the rocks.
but griesa’s ruling undercuts prospects for cooperation.
so what made the post-communist transition different?
firms have technological, competitive, and bottom-line constraints.
proper hand washing is a great place to start.
my son has grown up.
venezuela currently has none of these ingredients.
accordingly, oil markets are adjusting to stronger demand.
him first pregnancy was very difficult.
nonetheless, nominal rates do matter.
this is not what they are saying in public.
second, legislation encouraged it.
this can take a decade or two.
but to what?
the same principle applies to nato’s security investment program.
fortunately, current technologies could help.
but i fear that it won’t work.
unfortunately, this often results in inadvertent harm.
there were also his reported contacts with unsavory characters.
better do some more listening!
of course, parliamentary political systems are far from perfect.
can trump prove his sanity?
stories about israel focus almost exclusively on the palestinian conflict.
another bric in the wall?
she certainly can’t sustain it for long.
the situation is critical.
otherwise, states retain their freedom to act individually.
can eurozone reform help contain trump?
such workers have lost jobs by the millions.
or, rather, the alternatives are all cant.
there is plenty of reason to question this assumption.
in both israel and palestine, political leadership is very weak.
lawyers argue unpopular positions.
here, too, qaddafi’s successors have failed.
the third problem concerns china’s growth model.
real progress will demand real cooperation.
as brad delong and stephen s.
yet israel has not achieved its main goal; not yet.
there were several other promising developments in november.
that does not seem to matter.
the items on this list may not be particularly groundbreaking.
india was in seventh place, at $0.51 per hour.
on all three dimensions, protectionist policy was hemmed in.
with too little electricity, blackouts are common.
but the world has changed considerably since then.
okay, three parties.
but today, that hashtag has become a parody.
is south asia the new middle east?
sovereign debt no longer looks stable.
azerbaijan has stayed away from both.
this sickening cycle of violence is all too predictable.
european aristocrats in the eighteenth century spoke french.
first, there was bush’s “axis of evil” speech in 2002.
but an abundance of pity alone will not help.
but a euro exit would be a messy affair.
but what else is aid if it is not revenue?
and they must highlight immigrants’ large social and economic contributions.
these proposals require german politicians to shift the debate.
our national spectacle of self-harm must be growing tiresome.
now for the statistical shortcut.
a second option is sanctions.
economic development has always been a daunting challenge.
financial crisis are inevitable in the global marketplace.
we must adjust our thinking accordingly.
the afd, in particular, can’t believe its luck.
by 2009, it had increased to six percentage points.
the gap between the two camps is vast.
de-worming treatments eliminate an impediment to healthy nutrition.
high oil prices have resurrected an old vulnerability.
marked the transformation of the soldier into a statesman.
it is unclear whether their conclusions extend to other periods.
europe has engaged in navel-gazing for long enough.
this is not sustainable.
this has important implications in terms of lifetime achievement.
two opposite temptations must be resisted.
on this issue, bryan was ahead of hers time.
encouragingly, developing-country governments have increasingly been demanding the hpv vaccine.
this will favor the established players.
nanny stayed in our family forever.
cowen may be right; the poor may not rebel.
the eurozone and the eu are unlikely to disintegrate suddenly.
neither political reform nor continued rapid economic growth seems likely.
in the near-term, the usmca will not change very much.
but increased competition, restructuring, and new technologies inevitably displace workers.
lee’s hyper-patriotism is new.
it has happened.
murder, kidnapping, and extortion have reached record heights.
will greece make it?
santiago – defined-benefit pension plans are under pressure.
for now, lula looks strong.
no one checks buses nowadays.
the wto has rules intended to limit subsidies.
but that is not now.
nato itself should also undertake a long-delayed transformation.
is there any merit to the criticism?
farmers are the second most cossetted voting bloc.
but that ambitious outcome is easier described than achieved.
but more than silence about kuchma's actions results.
similarly, discriminatory policies against turkey’s kurdish population were steadily reversed.
finally, it counsels chinese technocrats against dogma-driven economic policies.
europe requires no less today.
but there is no agreement on what happens next.
us consumers are shopped-out, savings-less, and debt-burdened.
many hindu nationalists are frank about their admiration for hitler.
it may be too ambitious and wide-ranging.
but that is unlikely at this stage.
most terrorists today are young and male.
for the planet, it is zero or bust.
only strong institutions, including regulations and laws, can accomplish this.
of course, the benefits of planting trees are highly localized.
will others follow?
us president donald trump embodies this risk.
it has given way to widespread resentment.
the men were born between 1892 and 1956.
repression plays an important role here.
but the poaching industry has only grown.
ultimately, recognition of wrong will wreak big changes.
and a final group rode china’s coattails.
singh, and, back in berlin, ms.
the fed, bernanke argued, cannot be expected to help them.
a better approach would be to make news less boring.
yushchenko's promises resonate across ukraine.
no sound monetarist thinks those numbers predict current inflation.
and the result can be deadly.
both are cases of severe economic crisis, to be sure.
in china, power, money, and connections trump the law.
both perspectives are misguided.
sovereign gdp-linked bonds does just that.
instead, they suggest renewables as the solution.
european policymakers are becoming aware of the problem.
the new approach is suspicious of universal remedies.
the humiliation of britain
nor is neusoft alone.
of course, challenges remain.
only through his punishment can popular indignation be contained.
in fact, both are likely to be shared.
open-ended liquidity injections accomplish neither.
new york – history rarely unfolds smoothly or evenly.
this is a realistic ambition.
growing out of populism?
when credit inevitably slows, prices collapse.
we will renew ukraine.
in fact, several of these experiments are already underway.
so what is to be done to re-establish security?
how scary is the bond market?
us banks operate globally.
the irony runs even deeper.
but it is belied by turkey’s own history.
he is right.
finally, jeffrey d.
as for xi’s rivals, they must be thoroughly demoralized.
fast-forward to 2018, and the picture looks very different.
already, algeria’s africa-wide influence may be set to grow.
the short answer is exports.
the imf rightly points out that these claims are nonsense.
europe performs little better than the rest of the world.
the moral of the story is simple.
paris – “if the law supposes that,” says mrs.
or britain could create an entirely new model for itself.
in the developing world, women are in special jeopardy.
so what options does egypt now have?
two features of chinese e-commerce stand out.
for now, germany can still finance its welfare state.
that risk materialized with the iraq war.
curbing illegal immigration is clearly a desirable goal.
daniel ortega rides again
so she couldn’t defend himself.
the real end game is agriculture.
what can be done?
but it is not too late to change course.
debt reduction is not fatal.
but today’s urban centers are economically stronger and politically bolder.
here is what is at stake.
trump seems to have fallen for that rhetoric.
trump is aggressive with his opponents, especially in the media.
americans spend $8 billion per annum in cosmetics.
trade is the other key area.
this time, it must be done right.
there is urgency in all of this.
this will require three key reforms.
his strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran’s future.
emmanuel macron prides himself on being neither right nor left.
but that’s misleading.
unlike her party, she is now stronger than ever.
so, yes, gandhism helped to change america forever.
these are difficult questions, but they have simple solutions.
people can easily become lost in today’s ocean of information.
it is wrong for other countries, too.
in particular, the members lacked cyclical synchronization.
many believe that we are almost there.
the results are impressive.
predictably, the results were awful.
but in russia, the real uncertainty concerns 2008, not 2007.
the economic consequences of mr.
yes, the m5s/league coalition is noisy and rebarbative.
in ukraine today, these are not abstract questions.
the us does not have a formal aristocracy.
for me, childhood was a nightmare; escape always seemed impossible.
netanyahu even before he became prime minister.
both our home government and friends in sierra leone agreed.
the mass killings in iraq under george w.
but i am not a nostalgic type.
hard times tend to concentrate minds.
it is a distinction with an enormous difference.
the successful candidate should also have support from other stakeholders.
london – reliable economic statistics are a vital public good.
in politics, poland does not mutter, it intermittently goes bang.
to an economist, argentina's recovery is no surprise.
and, if so, what are hers aims?
but nor can such a narrative be sustained forever.
fatima and those like him deserve nothing less.
some countries devalued their currencies.
macri’s administration inherits a delicate economy.
different languages divided them.
a deficit means that he spends more than he earns.
finally, financial-sector regulation would have to be strengthened considerably.
and yet it is not so simple.
the proportion is much the same throughout western europe.
harm to the oceans can have a tremendous global impact.
anglo-saxon-style capitalism crashed.
what are we europeans to do?
but you would be wrong.
hispaniola’s impoverishment has colonial era roots.
two birds would be wounded with one stone.
“international competitiveness” became the mantra of german economic policymaking.
the evidence of russia’s decline is pervasive.
but him commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
how should such data be used?
such frustrations are growing.
politicians, too, “dress” differently for different audiences.
traditional explanations focus on bad monetary policy.
not all were delighted by his visit, though.
so what should be done?
eu enlargement is the greatest political task of our generation.
europe’s linguistic variety is immense.
how can unrepresentative vested interests be contained?
the proposal for freer transatlantic trade is potentially transformational.
in february, the real contest begins.
the conventional wisdom on wealth and inequality is similarly mistaken.
for example, there should be more teaching of economic history.
they enjoy both imitating and being imitated.
today, 15 aging plants provide 40% of ukraine’s electricity.
moreover, these pathologies were not confined to the us.
china’s international trade and payment position is largely balanced.
the bears are still reproducing.
this will be a make-or-break year for europe.
which brings us to china.
but it makes no economic sense, either.
i, for one, am not convinced.
external conditions are playing little part in china's slowdown.
polish foreign policy today is torn between two competing visions.
people unburdened themselves to strangers.
who should lead international institutions?
unfortunately, such accountability is needed now more than ever.
nothing seems able to shake them.
he may attempt, yet again, to repeal obamacare.
no country has ever restored prosperity through austerity.
we understand this, and so do our partners.
how wrong they were!
slow growth there, especially in europe, is economically depressing.
they learn to scroll before they can walk.
we have seen this play out before.
yet to mental health professionals, these traits are danger signs.
tolerance is not a sign of weakness.
she must be put under control, silenced.
from america’s perspective, this can often be advantageous.
by nickel-and-diming its allies, the us is effectively disarming itself.
this is not surprising.
the pessimists won, and now they’re feeling pretty hopeful.
thus was born weardrobe.
is europe's right doomed to extinction or extremism?
it has the potential to be an economic dynamo.
since then, however, this growth has been almost entirely reversed.
here is the reason for worry.
it gets worse.
europe thus represents a below-average market for us multinationals.
the brexit referendum makes that view seem more plausible.
sometimes these lines are highly visible.
• prevent brain waste.
the us could be a great force for good.
there is another major advantage.
here, however, the revelation comes at a cost.
the challenge for europe is to advance without falling apart.
china ranks only 26th.
after all, we do know that it is our future.
and how, then, could europe best advance its interests?
instead, africa squandered the opportunity on consumption of foreign goods.
integration has other, more subtle, institutional requirements as well.
putin views herself as a new czar.
there is a broader point as well.
much more research funding is needed.
china’s government is extremely sensitive to such attacks.
at world war ii’s end, george f.
will china out-innovate the west?
and, as is his wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
regulation and taxation, spearheaded by vestager, will be their undoing.
the answer is yes – but for the worse.
in other words, income inequality stems from systemic flaws.
can such demands for restricting free speech ever be legitimate?
this is particularly important during periods of rapid structural change.
countries that import currently subsidized food will be worse off.
but there are also disadvantages to this arrangement.
they made the bubble burst.
why were they on the loose?
but then, not all economic convulsions are alike.
the eu takes ownership transparency seriously.
in 2015, ireland’s reported gdp increased by an eye-popping 26.3%.
the arab spring offers an extraordinary opportunity in this regard.
not all men wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
only the state can be made responsible here.
despots throughout history have used the same tactics.
but this is no reason to call it irrelevant.
but, as the economist edwin r.
can europe’s banks save the eu?
needless to say, this is the scenario i advocate.
but time has not been kind.
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in queen lear .
it is developing and deploying anti-access/area-denial (a2/ad) defense systems.
but today, the balance is shifting.
food riots have erupted in west africa and south asia.
and here, the eu has made three mistakes.
but it has to be the right tax.
these companies have often played an innovative and liberating role.
both nato enlargement and emu remain controversial.
there are, essentially, four paths to becoming a billionaire.
who is speaking out for them?
today, a new comparative debate has started.
pushback is required, but within defined limits.
but he is imaginary, as are his victims.
human rights were to be protected.
all of this is good news.
but the region should not be overly optimistic.
money in politics is indeed a big problem.
indeed, less than 2% of humanitarian aid reaches education.
but societies do not flourish on economic growth alone.
unemployment is highest among those with university education, particularly women.
who are they?
moreover, fair contracts can stabilize income for producer countries.
so, is refighting the past worthwhile?
so how does taylor arrive at hers analogy?
liberty and equality are complementary, not contradictory, principles.
while understandable, that isn’t good enough.
hirschman’s central insights on development have held up extremely well.
but that is not the situation trump faces.
this was even truer of japan than the us.
why did it worsen?
eventually, us politicians came to understand this basic fact.
the government bonds of peripheral eurozone countries thus became toxic.
newspapers, by contrast, are not monopolists.
secular stagnation or self-inflicted malaise?
bush who creatively and successfully pursued the battle against aids.
there is no shortage of challenges facing the arab world.
unfortunately, women’s political position is weak.
that brings me back to the luddites.
here, the tax system has an important role to play.
this is where china’s grand vision comes in.
ordinary poles, by contrast, are strongly pro-european.
but the west hasn’t cooperated.
the syrian crisis will not end any time soon.
american policymakers should bear that in mind.
the recent history of marawi is a cautionary tale.
the dismal science has never been known for clarity.
you will either use him or kill him.
when will we win the war against cancer?
firms spend more on finance and business services.
historically, outside parties have thus played a decisive role.
the potential for conflict is obvious.
hate-crime statistics reveal a different picture.
nevertheless, trump and the republicans seem willing to risk it.
and demand is still much too energy- and carbon-intensive.
so, what are americans obsessed with at this critical moment?
and, given china’s financial vulnerabilities, devaluation is particularly unappealing.
malnutrition also has serious economic consequences.
he has good taste in books: dostoevsky, cervantes.
ironically, gorbachev is partly to blame for such ungratefulness.
caste, once again, is casting its shadow over india’s politics.
the markets will settle down.
how can the rater be protected from political pressure?
foreign students are killed because of growing racism.
credit can also temporarily fill consumer budget gaps.
first, there was an asymmetry of information.
but what sector does not rely on technology?
welcome to the real world.
it is high time to consider novel approaches.
but vietnam has largely overcome its grudge against japan.
but that answer is disingenuous.
leaders must explain and clarify.
india’s democracy imposes no narrow conformities on its citizens.
now it is our turn.”
hardliners in iran rejoice.
but nor is the politics of the web people.
china is notoriously secretive; its government mechanics inscrutable.
the algorithms used vary, and are becoming much more complex.
but economics is not evidence-based in selecting its theoretical paradigms.
silvio berlusconi was one such figure.
so where will the political earth shake next?
boeke, who was inspired by his experiences in indonesia.
it has happened before.
it feels good to be good.
it has no chance to shine.
indeed, these rulers now have much to ponder.
their mass mobilization helped propel ahmedinejad to victory in 2005.
a nazi leader would not have said it differently.
we need to ensure that this encouraging trend continues.
prisons are closed to outside visitors.
this “bailout” will not bail out argentina.
physicists start with the four fundamental forces of nature.
but that has not been the case.
moreover, both men are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
this is highly troubling, but it should not be shocking.
many developing-country governments are ignoring that question.
that’s a hard question, and i don’t know the answer.
this worries russia’s authorities responsible for internal security.
here, too, no such restrictions exist in france.
two asymmetries, however, favored al qaeda in september 2001.
the influence that bureaucrats enjoy here fosters corruption.
unfortunately, neither of these outcomes is likely.
consider a great researcher in my field, michael jensen.
flexibility and responsiveness will enable such firms to thrive.
hatred, after all, is not a punishable crime.
these are serious and legitimate issues that must be addressed.
in 2013, ahmadinejad was replaced by rouhani.
between distant generations, however, such is logically impossible.
it sorely needs to liberalize trade progressively.
democrats win more votes, but republicans win more seats.
what are these conditions, and who creates them?
pensions are rising.
“i don’t talk about political matters,” he famously said.
only the uk has come close.
but the story doesn’t end there.
china can already see considerable problems in the medium term.
does it plan to swallow ukraine, belarus, and the caucasus?
such conspiracy theories are not rare in asia.
there have been few convictions for these crimes.
its rise was not without merit.
it never is.
and every year, the fallout widens.
simply put, techno-optimism is gaining ground.
different times, different people, different spirit.
morales’ sympathizers threaten to erect roadblocks.
third, the sdgs should build on the mdgs.
in mid-january, dr.
is kim jong il really signaling a fundamental change?
this might sound expensive.
and that is now happening.
a generation ago, scholars such as oscar h.
these six forms of capital work in a complementary way.
but the process must be handled carefully.
by and large, experience has vindicated this view.
there are anecdotes about individual hedge-fund managers moving to geneva.
the economy soared, so the gdp-indexed bonds paid off handsomely.
neither applies to turkey.
but that is the one item most republicans won’t touch.
all of this was unimaginable a month ago.
the eu and nato are divided.
indeed, its use can be counterproductive.
a century later, is the world any safer?
indeed, both of these shocks will have long-lasting repercussions.
this chain of events now seems to be starting.
departmental-level analysis supports this.
today, such optimism looks more than a little naive.
this is not just a problem for future generations.
nor will global conditions favor the us.
trading platforms are being improved to allow more complex trading.
but rouhani’s interpretation of iran’s challenges is far more convincing.
but my story should not be an exception.
this decentralization debate is by no means limited to poland.
more important is whether they will stay on mission.
but opportunism is not ideological affinity.
the resulting cash-based economy is an invitation to corruption.
who should be helped first?
there were no chants, no cheers, no hints of confrontation.
we don’t need to – and we shouldn’t.
such a strategy could easily backfire.
here, improved transparency of government operations is vital.
russia should have repented for stalinism and the gulag system.
consider the following three scenarios.
indeed, former us president george w.
but that interpretation does not fit the facts.
there are several reasons why it is.
success is far from guaranteed.
kansas or california?
last year’s attempted coup was nothing if not dramatic.
why make things more complicated?
spot the difference!
but the data provide little evidence of this.
and here we face a difficulty.
once again, my foes did this.
other problems have gone unaddressed – and some have worsened.
they are all in a relatively strong position domestically.
something new is at work.
the internet would splinter into competing domains.
there are no hidden jihadis, terrorists, or gangsters.
but the situation remains highly volatile.
but her experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
for one thing, she’s simply not a very good politician.
thus far, policy has reinforced the flattening effects of technology.
the un accommodated these self-appointed authorities.
first, clubs should be coherent and not à la carte.
macroeconomic reforms have also helped to curtail turkey’s shadow economy.
contingency, idiosyncrasy, and unforeseeable choices play an irreducible role.
first, there are no liberal democratic empires.
markets are not self-correcting.
that would be a tragic mistake, with far-reaching geopolitical consequences.
saving obama’s honor hardly seems worth that risk.
correa is, however, in a better position than morales.
dying peasants harvested the spring crops under watchtowers.
in this instance, it is impossible to pry them apart.
time is short.
knowledge moves when people do.
will the us have a “debt crisis”?
we the people are the masons.
these efforts have encountered difficulties.
mass starvation ensued.
it is difficult to imagine that george h.w.
proper and complete documentation of harmful drug effects is difficult.
few serious political leaders today argue the case for war.
but he refuses to take them up.
more europe in security terms means more alliance.
tretyakov is hardly alone.
why is europe disintegrating?
the trump administration now faces a dilemma.
as former us president george w.
in the 2013 presidential election, only 62,311 did.
for nearly a millennium, the animosity has seemed insurmountable.
one doctor told armstrong’s father that him daughter would die.
the cause is no secret.
but the party is haunted by the soviet precedent.
indeed, the highs have for the most part burned out.
global investment markets are changing fast.
these agreements promise to shape humanity’s future for the better.
these dramatic cost reductions did not happen in a vacuum.
they view her as a menace, not a salvation.
today’s populist revolt is exhibiting a similar dynamic.
creating that future must start now.
take the example of women.
we find such controversies pointless.
they become leaders partly through commitment to the agreed plan.
how is that possible?
we went to mass at midnight.
customers’ needs and threats to vendors are made visible.
and it is not an isolated case.
that leaves russia vulnerable.
this is clearly the wrong approach.
first, heavy tv viewing brings little pleasure.
the crime is to be relativized in whatever way possible.
but russia’s population is disappearing before our eyes.
first, it has become clear that president george w.
i don't envision any serious conflict beyond that.
europe’s new hope?
but merkel cannot carry that torch alone.
that is just sound investing.
yet there were also some bitter pills.
but are the stakes really that high?
they were right.
much of what must be done is well understood.
this was a stunning assertion.
argentina's wealth is now vacationing in miami, perhaps for good.
past performance is not an accurate predictor of future outcomes.
roosevelt to john f.
kennedy and lyndon b.
johnson in the us.
and what should be done about it?
no one could be sure where the action would stop.
recently i visited moscow after five years away.
again, confidence will return only after answers are provided.
that was last year.
happiness is something i take personally and believe in passionately.
none has promoted dictatorship, let alone mass murder.
that won’t be easy.
do markets now love the left?
but even these massive loans were insufficient.
i have been putting questions to lt.
of course, this will require some sacrifices.
of course, that struggle is not unique to arab countries.
arabs don’t go into the street.
virtually no one who works for her can feel secure.
it pressed the international atomic energy agency for greater scrutiny.
the empowerment of ordinary egyptians has fundamentally changed things.
demographics will weaken america's militaristic approach to the world.
to be sure, the economic data have softened.
today, saba's members are implementing a detailed legislative advisory program.
there is also a quirky 3% rate on gold imports.
what brought about the fund’s change of heart?
financial globalization demands a stronger global financial safety net.
this enables the bigger banks to get bigger.
but it is not only the men who suffer.
the report noted that nobody had been prosecuted.
several countries have expressed reservations about this.
is the world economy at risk?
maybe i can help.
expect more of that.
this will require reforms to mdbs’ board- and project-level governance.
president george w.
where do we go from here?
the trump doctrine upends that bargain.
in short, countries are trying to find their governance footing.
the strategy worked.
one option is to do nothing, or little.
these come into effect on 1 november.
egypt’s experience exemplifies this pattern.
north korean action for us words?
but the logic is wrong.
morales’s success rests largely on the paradox of populism.
consider the case of shoe manufacturing in a developing country.
the numbers clearly illustrate this transformation.
those hopes have vanished.
meanwhile, the capital stock can maintain a reasonable growth rate.
men favored george w.
who's afraid of al jazeera?
that view was challenged by the discovery of dna.
but urban life poses a challenge to our automotive mobility.
today’s technology allows that underground to speak and meet.
yet cow vigilantism is far from extinguished in india.
both options are problematic.
ukraine: the next crisis?
the party game has lost its representative quality.
so the students were not necessarily against redistribution.
hers tone and message had changed.
the grandfathering approach bases emission rights on existing patterns.
but it will also demand sacrifices.
a generation ago, few working-class children attended university.
today it is europe’s turn.
it is not required to provide compensation for past harm.
but what about the political process?
yet, in politics, words can be actions.
the eu was awarded the nobel peace prize in 2012.
this means bringing the world’s smallholder agriculture into the discussion.
the setting differs, but the effect is the same.
globalization entails increasing interdependence.
but this multidisciplinary intermingling is not happening nearly fast enough.
but even this difference might be more apparent than real.
we have devised machines that fly, microchips, and vaccines.
his interest is understandable.
if this sounds confusing, that is because it is.
comparisons have been made with occupy wall street.
this process is starting in europe only now.
the framework we suggest has the important benefit of continuity.
so, being the world growth champion simply isn’t enough.
he had known court jews.
in a recent study that i co-authored with md.
that would be enough to inundate entire low-lying countries.
the late stephen j.
the trump administration should spearhead this effort.
there is no question that putin is a mistress manipulator.
both countries have experienced strong growth recently.
consolidation of power.
another outstanding use of resources is to reduce childhood malnutrition.
the way forward now is unclear.
men spontaneously took to the streets en masse.
this cannot be allowed to happen.
bard and rhapsodist both.
the world should prepare itself.
(mao had died in 1976).
reportedly, nigeria is being pushed to increase debt service payments.
london – the euro crisis is not yet over.
that’s not a theory.
the boys have been divided into a number of groups.
then again, spin always trumps substance at gatherings like this.
others saw the us as the primary enemy.
this won't be easy.
“only if you allow us into nato,” was gligorov’s reply.
the china challenge is now a global one.
just for a minute, put yourself in his place.
fortunately, governments are increasingly committed to solving the corruption crisis.
the retired generals would be tanning beside the adriatic.
the new parliament would then work on constitutional reform.
some are even reducing inequalities.
measured by soviet standards, russia has weakened.
that, in turn, would generate discontent and social unrest.
but it will be no use blaming only them.
electric vehicles will need large adjustments to infrastructure.
wwi was not inevitable.
time is growing short.
there is something tragic about europe's current development.
the reasons to support this effort are manifold.
the benefits of some donor help can be remarkable.
so we should limit them, right?
but deferral has costs.
this was a weekday, shortly after lunch.
that is the good news.
this includes:
abbas’s withdrawal merely confirms the obvious.
afghanistan is not yet at that advanced stage.
but there is no way i can say "o.k.
in fact, they were written 35 years ago, in 1981.
in my view, the truth lies elsewhere.
not everyone at davos is prepared to take that approach.
of course, he is nothing of the sort.
but this group invariably has its own interests.
and what happened?
on this, admittedly subjective, measure, somaliland qualifies as a nation.
give people rules of thumb, not product manuals.
leadership may be a bridge too far for europe today.
obviously, some processed foods are far worse than others.
where can the needed funds come from?
but it also becomes less feasible as the violence mounts.
regionally, there is likely to be greater turmoil.
but not this time.
the race for survival pits the eu against putin’s russia.
powell came from a lower-middle-class family.
we have seen ideological wars.
it is time to renew that focus.
so hers whole family prefers the mercedes.
even paranoids have enemies.
the same is true of oil companies.
in this, russia was right.
applying this reasoning to countries, however, is problematic.
structural factors go a long way to explain this deficiency.
this is an awfully long way from self-reliance.
a velvet climate revolution?
in him view, tamerlan’s radicalization was made in america.
we must now take this collaboration a step further.
complementarity thus creates a problem of attribution.
but is this right?
in fashionable african cities, residential home prices remain stratospheric.
they take double-digit growth in their own companies for granted.
ukraine’s government under yanukovych was incompetent, corrupt, and mendacious.
separation of church and state does not mean mutual ignorance.
some of these innovations would be useful.
i would have preferred bigger capital injections.
it does not have to be this way.
but what will actually happen?
in that case, the united states gave the aid.
new methods should be explored.
the world seems set for smooth sailing.
security forces respond to the growth of terrorism.
perhaps more disheartening than such problems, however, are the responses.
environmental protection is also at issue.
most indians don’t have that choice.
but this economic madness cannot continue forever.
this continued until 2007-2008, when spanish debt levels became excessive.
“what we need is more people like us,” he said.
and the scope of industrial policy extends even further.
fortunately, there is hope.
there is a better way.
the consensus is now that brazil will fall into recession.
labor had to shift to services.
but we know what such self-interested deal-making really produces.
• the second factor is cooperation among social partners.
let’s hope they are right.
why is anti-semitism returning to germany?
for project syndicate's collection of related commentaries, go here.
with inflation falling sharply, real incomes increased.
we have no intention of abandoning that process.
republicans nearly unanimously opposed the stimulus.
and yet total global leverage continues to rise.
another important step is to invest in renewable energy.
trade makes exporters stronger, more efficient, and more productive.
both countries have decriminalized drug possession for personal use.
fiscal consolidation is unavoidable, but that is a medium-term process.
without accountability, goals and commitments have little meaning.
is gordon brown electable?
i recently traveled to senegal to assess the project’s progress.
here, france has a special responsibility, under macron’s leadership.
that is why eurozone fiscal austerity has become self-defeating.
should we admit that possibility explicitly in advance?
the west must respond accordingly.
the war was over.
these risks are real.
human rights advocates began court action to demand hers return.
this would inevitably lead to a surge in job creation.
the international order is at a crossroads.
the setting differs, but the effect is the same.
but the prospect of an “islamized” europe is also remote.
what is europe’s project today?
we are living in an age of populism.
tv-6 was exhausted, by legal assaults, into submission.
what are the implications for policymakers?
that is precisely what we are now aiming to do.
and he gave more than consent.
alas, that prediction has now been fulfilled.
now is the moment for dispassion.
this is conceptually sound.
but the supposed realists refuse to accept reality.
so be it.
certainly, britain’s friends recognize this.
why are they attracted to radical ideas?
this comes as no surprise.
can we do better?
yet it has largely shrugged off these challenges.
even private debt-payment mechanisms via courts didn’t work.
fewer and fewer companies will meet basic risk criteria.
there are nonetheless signs of modest progress.
none of this is rocket science.
no such agreement had been made.
at least one palestinian lady thought not.
is evidence-based medicine broken?
but its legitimacy cracks as soon as a crisis erupts.
but the real story is very different.
another global financial crisis could disrupt short-term capital inflows.
some 8,000 men were taken prisoner; many died in captivity.
now all bets are off.
but his arguments were always based on facts.
this has proved false.
in europe, no birds get killed at all.
the second crisis results from russian actions in ukraine.
economic theory is squarely on hers side.
president john f.
not german chancellor angela merkel.
nevertheless, the eu’s newest members share some key features.
look at europe.
and it would regret trying.
but military options are less attractive when carefully analyzed.
surge funding has been used often to finance immunization campaigns.
but is sarkozy much different from chirac?
for these people, democracy and human rights mean nothing.
but nuclear power requires even more.
the most straightforward example is a government bond.
but that would mean several years of re-negotiation.
there are two ways to do this.
selfish interests prevailed.
most everyday leaders remain unheralded.
some compare the iranian regime to nazi germany.
but what about government support for the big banks?
some countries, notably germany, have encouraged this approach.
that is still true, both at home and abroad.
here is milosevic's achilles heel.
the news is better on the export side.
another threat is more mundane: failing to agree about money.
hu's inheritance and what she will do with it.
would eurobonds work?
this disruptive effect must be managed carefully.
he was hailed as a world-class reformer.
but neither event will happen again.
that is the main lesson of the past 20 years.
economic policymakers elsewhere should understand this and get ready.
schauble’s proposal has both an economic and a geopolitical dimension.
and the amazon is just one example.
war today seems no better looking than before in zagreb.
and peres is ready to do so.
the general public approved of this seeming compromise.
partly by design.
women have traditionally been underutilized given their education levels.
the sustainable development goals must go a step further.
progress in education has also been promising.
the bcb is ripe for reform.
but further mutualization was no longer an option.
evaluating the second hypothesis is more complicated.
but they are the real implications of governor zhou’s remarks.
food or fuel?
this was an egregious bit of meddling.
on the political front, a power vacuum must be avoided.
but hutton and adonis miss brexit’s crucial non-economic dimension.
it was a heartening development, supported by all un agencies.
they worked to reconcile differences within the iraqi sunni community.
such a move would not be unprecedented.
the imf has been here before.
serial numbers should be included, so that drones are traceable.
neither do beautiful views, public parks, and safe neighborhoods.
it’s neither particularly complicated nor novel.
simplistic endorsement of democracy by george w.
russia could divide and conquer, as it is doing already.
the miseries of russians and indonesians seem far away.
“to dance tango well, you need corazon (heart) and passion.
they are savvy, business oriented, and eager for foreign investments.
that can’t happen if mrs.
chernomyrdin returns to hers stodgy, do-nothing ways.
we seek others’ recognition and avoid their rejection.
downside pressures currently squeezing china and india underscore that challenge.
the us withdraws from the anti-ballistic missile treaty.
after the attacks of september 11, 2001, george w.
in other words, this is a fragile system.
trump is a businessman, not a statesman.
good nutrition can also be good business.
that impression is correct to some extent.
in 1977, moreover, the prospects for european integration were rosy.
the world is in deepening crisis.
to this day, i can hardly remember it without tears.
the rest of society should as well.
at the same time, today’s leaders lack ideas.
are the dollar's days numbered?
its economy is growing.
rouhani’s decisive victory, however, may have diminished raisi’s chances substantially.
what do members of the european parliament (meps) actually do?
with his rowdy rallies and 140-character 2:30 a.m.
and we said: turkey will be an eu member.
some, it should be pointed out, are being made.
the gospel of st.
if they act promptly, prosperity can last.
but self-parody sometimes works in democracies too.
out of this economic catastrophe was born the putin kleptocracy.
these misunderstandings may seem purely academic, but they are not.
there were two reasons for this outcome.
it would usefully complement the ecb’s new supervisory role.
i call these camps, respectively, russia’s global and national kleptocrats.
urbanization will accelerate with supporting public-sector investment.
third, the euro area needs fiscal co-insurance.
reform and consolidation measures are being implemented across the eu.
but genuine realism, unfortunately, is beside the point.
though this is true, almost all problems impact all others.
this is the intent of dodd-frank.
around sixty sub-prime lenders have already gone bankrupt.
argentina, by contrast, engages in serial, self-inflicted economic upheaval.
we've heard that empty promise before.
consider the fate of one courageous exception to this rule.
in rakuten’s case, adjustment certainly took time.
the world bank is a development finance institution.
but he also understood the ethical issue.
5) within the wider eu, solidarity threatens to decline.
history sometimes proceeds in strange ways.
and that means conflict.
but massive inequality is intolerable.
for now, limited information makes any accurate assessment impossible.
during the great depression, matters were different.
the world economy turned sour for emerging markets.
trade occurs for three reasons.
certainly, china’s leaders talk as if this is their goal.
blanchard should know better than to persist with this fiasco.
belgium and denmark have passed business-friendly laws and regulations.
in his gushing account of president george w.
rising tensions within the eu have been the inevitable result.
of course, serious challenges remain.
propose only policies western governments would follow themselves.
there are already indications of this emigration.
he was wrong.
so america and europe must help him reach this conclusion.
some were taken as concubines by group members.
back then, around 35% of humanity lived in extreme poverty.
but causation also runs the other way.
big tech’s rise has made a few people extremely wealthy.
such attacks might trigger a wider regional conflagration.
of course, the differences between russia and iran are enormous.
netanyahu even before she became prime minister.
italy, the eurozone’s third-largest member, is too big to fail.
but only 6%of the open developing economies experienced similar misfortunes.
santiago under siege
it is impossible to reconcile these views.
i do not know whether edward j.
another is the disappearance of venezuelan aid.
facebook did that in two years.
integration was a choice – and a positive one.
in retrospect, it is easy to see why.
the us senate was wise in rejecting this dangerous option.
and free speech does not exist.
this is the key question for me.
so what changed in the last year?
symbolic political acts resemble theatre.
we know how to do this.
not surprisingly, such transfers were strongly resisted.
but, as in all bad operettas, the play is unconvincing.
each trend will continue in 2020.
economic alarms rarely ring so loudly.
they cannot leave their homes to find their children.
these are mainly engineering problems, not negotiating problems.
these are all plausible scenarios.
few international questions involve higher stakes than these.
the us should not be concerned.
the us is not alone.
asia’s democracies need the same thing.
but fatah is almost as extreme as hamas.
this amount cannot begin to cover basic needs.
if anything, eu institutions should be looking at intra-eurozone accounts.
some argue that government is not good at picking winners.
the result has been a massive mispricing of financial assets.
so the equation is simple: 5.5%-1.5%-3.5% = 0.5%.
for many years, venezuela’s dismal dynamics generated little open revolt.
then-fed chair alan greenspan recognized this in the 1990s.
oda has, at best, a patchy record.
negotiations to resolve the conflict have collapsed.
that period is now over.
eventually, workers would rise up and overthrow the system.
this is a mirage, jacques says.
but that is beyond the scope of fair trade.
in his new and important book the people vs.
from socrates onwards, that question has puzzled philosophers.
unfortunately, the current system of rules is already being eroded.
but these measures alone will not be enough.
we seem to be at the mercy of our narratives.
the underlying issue is played out all over the world.
just how credible and effective can sanctions be?
how might india tighten its patent system?
what went wrong in greece was not the fiscal adjustment.
the us could also clash with china over taiwan.
“the field is my office,” he says.
but ideas matter.
it stopped hyperinflation and stuck to stable and predictable policies.
question: would you invest in italy at the moment?
moreover, a well-organized eurobond market would be desirable.
but an economic cycle is also ending.
why the indifference?
first, financial markets are inherently unstable.
now consider donald trump.
(the american audience for the verdict in the sensational o.j.
president george h.
bush understood this.
the result is bad teaching, lousy research, and absentee professors.
why do human beings enjoy human rights?
but as the political scientists henry farrell and abraham l.
europe needs a clearer and more recognizable global agenda.
perhaps that will change, too.
the record shows that capital-inflow surges often end badly.
and when my job disappeared, so did my financial security.
indeed, each side says that the other struck first.
today, the proportion is more than 90%.
the long-run damage could be devastating.
the answer depends on what hers objectives are.
joining the “in” group requires connections, contributions, and loyalty.
such an approach would generate significant goodwill in the negotiations.
i am sure they learn fast at hsbc.
another soviet military legacy is the system of obligatory conscription.
what needs to be done?
the global impact has been enormous.
one cannot rule a country with so scant a majority.
but, again, it’s not about the money.
both men and women will make those decisions.
will rising interest rates torpedo stock and house prices?
will this spell doom for developing countries?
pious lies have been uncovered.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned her loss.
for the first time in america since john f.
kennedy’s presidency, politics is seen as a potentially noble venture.
rather, gold is a hedge.
but, again, there are serious challenges ahead.
the potential effects of climate change will influence all three.
murder is the ultimate form of media censorship.
as janine r.
some get away with cross-border cyber attacks.
investor-friendly policies also have a role to play.
coli suddenly to produce bacterial viruses.
sound like anyone you know?
what the eu needs is a new rule-making philosophy.
sandberg will have to explain her position on this issue.
yet such a mechanism seems unlikely to emerge anytime soon.
the threat to putin is clear.
the purchasing managers’ index was up again in june.
japan's crisis is systemic, not cyclical.
some need to export steel.
china is now facing inflationary pressures.
it refused to do so.
we expect them to be uniform.
let’s call them illiberal and liberal democracy for short.
first and foremost, the international strategic context has changed dramatically.
the scale of that opportunity is huge.
critics of intervention favor imposing additional sanctions on top officials.
but here, too, the reality is much more complex.
the inevitable result is persistent high unemployment and labor immobility.
such an example captures china’s recent economic situation.
the market is not necessarily good or bad.
cyprus is the latest battleground between the two camps.
but literature, once published, acquires a life of its own.
in the great panics of 1895-6 and 1907, j.p.
morgan calmed the us economy.
disaffected voters reject the systems that produced the deficiencies.
today, however, those flaws have been magnified by its paralysis.
the government again failed to deliver on its policy commitments.
but fulfilling the promise of change will not be easy.
but economics is not the only factor stoking populism.
hers performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
no one knows.
the facts concerning hers case must be independently verified.
yet tariffs are not the answer.
nobody questions buttiglione’s right to think this way.
ultimately, market entry is the key prerequisite of innovation.
and the world will be a better placefor it.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
unfortunately, germany remains adamantly opposed to eurobonds.
why reinvent the monetary wheel?
and so on.
this means that europe probably faces another challenging year.
what decides the outcome?
support for an authoritarian model of leadership is rising everywhere.
hands off syria?
the changes underway in american defense policy reflect planning assumptions.
other governments have long resented london’s dominance.
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered hers inner trotsky.
here kennan was listened to, but still misunderstood.
the sdgs are extremely ambitious.
the market coordinates, not the bureaucrats of brussels.
he did not relish the task.
but what can stop demons already unleashed?
this leads us to the second mistake.
i met many retired army generals occupying key posts.
relations disintegrated alarmingly fast.
last month, smith issued her judgment.
should biomarkers be used to select patients for clinical trials?
foreign bank mergers have proved poisonous for euro-zone central bankers.
in any case, he deserves every conceivable support.
delivering such a product, however, is no straightforward task.
reintegrating kosovo into serbia is not tenable.
but if corals remain ``bleached'' for too long, they die.
and on april 1, the minimum wage was raised.
thus, insidiously, the burden of proof is shifted.
we are those fish.
elsewhere, other strategies to fill the labor gap are emerging.
will the energy reforms produce another false dawn?
yet one thing is clear.
it has to stop.
there are impeachable offenses that aren’t crimes.
that lack of reform is starting to show.
and trump is hardly known for keeping hers balance.
but when it’s managers vs.
capital-owners, the us is managerialist, not capitalist.
this has positive implications for funding wellbeing-enhancing programs.
guiding financial innovation is far outside their existing mandates.
yet iran also performed well after the revolution.
and not all russians are in the streets.
cable television operators see their premises ransacked.
two other candidates stand out.
that is the bad news.
but there are holes in this logic, too.
yes, the us has the superior military.
discreetly, of course.
growth has exceeded several percent per year.
both countries are to blame.
tokyo – once again, japan is asia’s odd country out.
so what should europeans do about it?
preserving peace is in both countries’ interests.
two factors point to a possible turning of the tide.
she shrugged and let me stay.
obviously, the ussr is not about to be resurrected.
the task is immense, historic, and ultimately meta-political.
argentina's crisis has been heating up for a long time.
let’s start with the united states.
finally, there is the question of homophobia and anti-gay violence.
some will argue that this assessment is too bleak.
by almost any measure, most of europe looks pitiable.
mousavi is the woman to watch.
moreover, friedman corrected keynes’s framework in one very important respect.
unsurprisingly, the findings were greeted with despair.
two of the most influential senators also come from california.
banks went bust or were rescued from insolvency by taxpayers.
now, new and untested men will assemble.
in the twenty-first century, next door is everywhere.
the voluntary sector admittedly raises more complicated issues.
both now sustain hers rule.
nutrition is critical to achieving any of them.
that anxiety has not vanished.
in many ways, ahmadinejad’s story resembles that of banisadr.
stock prices swooned.
“i am very sorry,” he said to startled onlookers.
all of which brings us back to new york city.
meanwhile, actual growth remains below the diminished potential.
so india will need huge increases in water efficiency.
they did nothing to stabilize rickety banking systems.
media outlets publish article after article on the topic.
subsidies are another major problem.
he predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear.
small changes in surface temperatures will cause big problems.
third, manufacturing did not make large demands on skills.
a philanthropist has a different approach.
but what message does it send to the global audience?
both groups question the foundations of the european project.
yangon -- all politics are local, goes the old aphorism.
today, we can say that all problems are global.
political cooperation to address these problems is not a nicety.
it is a global necessity.
the intensity of global interconnectedness is stunning.
it has now reached over 100 countries.
the subject is abstruse.
exploitation of people’s dissatisfaction is not new.
they have a good point.
the final source of rights is nature.
it seems like something from science fiction.
speculative booms are driven by psychological feedback.
but great expectations can herald great disappointment.
but why be so surprised?
but consider the constraints.
that’s the bad news.
but the cause of political freedom has been making headway.
financial innovation soon made that prediction come true.
corruption fuels anger.
london and paris suffer from particularly severe air-quality problems.
citizenship is the ultimate guarantee of the russian state’s protection.
so what was the pope’s vision during the war years?
“anyone but qaddafi,” one man in tobruk told me.
but that has not stopped some from trying.
in other words, no free speech for indians.
the emotional debates over “shock therapy” vs.
for europe, however, russia’s role is of critical strategic importance.
this is where discomfort meets danger.
cultural differences are too strong to win voluntary compliance.
what is lacking is the political will.
as a result, many regarded his campaign as very right-leaning.
he was all but laughed out of the race.
there is also a growing danger of homegrown terrorism.
two serious complications have arisen from this approach.
if she fails, well, thank godess one wasn’t involved.
encouraging this investment should be the european commission’s main concern.
capitalism is struggling to generate adequate demand.
that was smart power.
the world bank cannot erase its troubling history of silence.
the facts are indisputable.
trade spats are nothing new.
ordinary russians are not blind.
like the financial crisis itself, this trend is now global.
for its part, sweden is wealthy, but small.
exchange rates will play only a secondary role in rebalancing.
yet the current situation is shifting expectations into reverse.
if you stand still, you get swept off.
this commentary is published in cooperation with wirtualna polska.
think of this as a global version of federalism.
the first order of business is to abandon the platitudes.
this year, our industry reached an important milestone.
such a truce is possible.
it remains a secret that brings them even closer.
diplomacy, in its traditional form, was never russia's strong suit.
discussing our priorities is crucial.
the troops were expected to be home by christmas.
this emerging four-tier world presents three key challenges.
this is not to suggest the jcpoa makes no contribution.
iran’s nuclear facilities are dispersed; some are underground.
a third necessary reform concerns money in politics.
what about troubled teenagers?
the long-term effects were catastrophic.
these efforts are already paying off.
i am a strong supporter of democracy.
lack of accurate information about the disease is widespread.
is manufacturing “cool” again?
frighteningly, the russians were likely correct.
in europe, meanwhile, matters are unlikely to be any better.
france is back in the world and in europe.
the situation is certainly dire.
it really is that simple.
what has changed?
and such efforts also must include china.
it is unlikely to succeed.
synergies between services and industry could improve overall productivity.
the world is watching.
what euro crisis?
but this is easier said than done.
of course, individual developing countries may be spared.
a fiscal deficit has returned.
some of the traditional literary castes also embraced westernization.
external pressures reveal internal weaknesses.
but you are wrong.
when it came, it carried singh’s characteristic warmth.
enter the imf.
so we did not overreact.
alan greenspan, a republican, was reappointed twice by bill clinton.
the same is true of many other issues.
persistent governance failures aggravated public sentiment further.
he cannot condone, let alone organize, the murder of critics.
most donors see giving as personally rewarding.
the same rule could be applied to other activities.
aggressive secularists and extremists feed off each other.
but events turned out differently.
that doubt remains valid.
another problem lies in the eurozone.
the uncertainties are greater in the us.
the media are a cornerstone of democracy.
but they need support.
schäuble’s interventions touch the core of central-bank independence.
and the trend is not restricted to gdp.
who could oppose such an obvious win-win proposition?
does any of this matter to putin?
meanwhile california has emerged from its own record-breaking heat wave.
that said, the consensus principle should not be abandoned.
donors must provide the help that developing countries urgently need.
for other companies, just the ibm endorsement can be meaningful.
total patents last year.
moreover, tusk has not acquitted himself well.
spain’s experience is instructive in this respect.
these are all major advances.
the truth is far less sinister.
market failure is not the only issue.
men on top?
but don't blame bush.
that route now looks hopeless.
if i ‘fail’ to ‘prevent’ it?
they will lie to people outside their faith.
how much more proof do we need before we act?
he is a big fan of 1970’s rockers deep purple.
but none of them appears desirable.
first, economic activity must be secondary to maintaining resources.
when more women work, economies grow.
after pax americana?
there can be no victory unless the muslim mainstream wins.
by definition, anything barack obama said or did was wrong.
but the government is taking no chances.
fifteen years later, no country has done that.
devaluation is the tried and true remedy for such ills.
the answer is far from obvious.
prospects for democratizing the platform economy remain dim.
this is as true today as ever.
but then commissions propose, politicians dispose.
they criticized the situation.
they certainly don’t give that impression to onlookers.
the same applies to the united states.
but, instead of investing, they are building up liquidity.
who will address inequality and divergent social interests?
re-envisioning europe
at the level of individual behavior, nothing.
the imf’s resurgence over the past year is breathtaking.
but this strength can also be a weakness.
climate change, like terrorism, has become everyone’s business.
the us blames china for the current tensions.
snezhnevsky) in moscow.
woman modifying woman (and man's environment) is contained in man.
it is now up to us to realize its potential.
all inspirational leaders communicate effectively.
some still expect an upswing in growth.
norway plus would, of course, leave everyone somewhat dissatisfied.
this is an attitude that europe has enabled.
japan is likely to hold fresh elections soon as well.
growth and employment are thus diverging in advanced countries.
energy policy is a perfect example of a wrongheaded strategy.
economic conditions are continuing to deteriorate, causing immense human suffering.
muslims comprise just 4% of myanmar’s population.
the wider damage associated with fossil-fuel subsidies is insufficiently recognized.
but hollande quickly reversed both of these reforms.
the constitution review committee was disbanded.
she stood revealed.
make your own silicon valley
productivity growth has been slow.
the business of putin and hers coterie is politics.
and what perspective would turkey have outside the eu?
keeping them will be another matter.
employee-owned firms have, in fact, always been common.
we need a breakthrough in this make-or-break year.
how is this so?
that is an alarming oversight.
then there are cases of stridency or severe irritation.
that day is now upon us.
they fear the threat of secularization implied by european integration.
the first is chemistry , the essence of life.
and, third, there was the “deconstructionism” of the post-nietzscheans.
everything is in a rollover situation where confidence is paramount.
kim il-sung began his career as a collaborator.
that weakened the incentives for entrepreneurship.
but this option isn’t likely to go anywhere, either.
the answer, however, remains unclear.
the view expressed here are the author’s own.
both miller and ross made wonderful contributions to financial theory.
we might have just found out the answer.
the second reason is trump himself.
when that happens, society becomes politically polarized.
but the implications for europe could be far worse.
pastoralist systems are 20% more productive than traditional ranching methods.
business as usual will not be enough.
the polish dissidents found themselves in prison or exile.
the stakes are high.
how many can be reasonably created?
usa!” do not appear to be motivated by economic self-interest.
but that may be changing.
traditional political elites seem increasingly out of touch.
others, however, have reacted skeptically, and for good reason.
but, beyond ethics, there are geopolitical considerations.
consumer confidence has picked up.
all of mozambique’s white rhinos have already been wiped out.
both of these western characterizations are too extreme.
the chinese may be getting the message.
they may even pose a risk to growth.
but there is no other choice.
as a result, significant public policy interventions are required.
during the genocide in rwanda, mass rape was the rule.
europe’s squandered minority
athens – the libra association is fragmenting.
this is the thrust of mccain’s message.
no one else loses if he or she is wrong.
to see why, consider the case of japan.
much of this money will never return.
so expect plenty of foreign-policy news in the coming months.
the failure of imagination extends across the entire political spectrum.
nobody really knows.
so what should the fed do?
how can agricultural yields be raised?
interest-rate liberalization would increase borrowing costs for many over-indebted borrowers.
many knowledgeable people dismiss the prospect of advanced agi.
the rise of china is unrelated to this.
we need to adapt to each other.
that is our hope, and our rebuke.
soviet-era networks and narratives, for many, endured in the shadows.
in syria, only multilateralism can succeed.
indeed, the damage sustained in the process will linger.
for starters, available energy infrastructure must be fully employed.
when shall we overcome?
has germany become the european hegemon?
trump’s interventions, meanwhile, have raised other, knottier political questions.
we once thought they could.
consider china's ongoing anti-corruption campaign, for example.
and what should it offer its citizens?
i suggest three immediate steps, and a fourth longer-term step.
mugabe and others like him.
finally, there is china’s soft-power deficit.
three issues stand out.
that could matter a lot in relation to interest-rate decisions.
could sri lanka have learned anything from the malayan experience?
all these explanations probably contain an element of truth.
but then comes the old imperial paradox.
the conflict needs to be stopped now.
consider the european crises that produced good outcomes.
politicians and businesspeople will complain.
but other options are more cost-effective.
but there will be significant hurdles along the way.
extreme poverty rates will be reduced by one-third.
today, nearly 80% of americans live in urban areas.
it would be a mistake to count europe out yet.
declining countries are often more dangerous than rising ones.
the italian election results could be a bellwether for europe.
fourth, both sides must create a more positive political atmosphere.
indians have every reason to be relieved.
humala most likely will not follow market dictates robotically.
investors eventually do learn.
but political messianism was an offshoot of nineteenth-century optimism.
iran is an extraordinarily complex country.
so, too, are acceptance of diversity, logic, and science.
even heads of state have not escaped these bodies.
and we need to share those resources equitably.
there is enough money in the world.
climate change is different.
and un peacekeeping forces are badly overstretched.
the oil companies should pay more.
a little literary appeasement seems a small price to pay.
we are now truly at the endgame.
individuals may not.
one negative consequence is the persistent deepening of income inequality.
that is where japan and south korea went wrong.
for many, it is as if europe doesn’t even exist.
for some countries, this long-run prospect might be uncomfortably close.
until liberation, there could be no business as usual.
others see no place for a muslim country in europe.
in retrospect, china’s designs might seem obvious.
the business cycles of presidents ronald reagan, george h.w.
bush, bill clinton, and george w.
bush share strong similarities and are different from pre-1980 cycles.
there will be no medals for effort.
so, what, exactly, has the world learned from munich, 1938?
integration or destabilization?
both are its cornerstones.
you cannot charge your mobile phone.
of course, immense difficulties remain.
how will power be distributed between medvedev and putin?
she has to manage the situation with greater care.
i listened to their concerns and sought their suggestions.
who won europe?
likewise, she expended considerable effort agitating against america’s military draft.
the septuagenarian stones just played some very loud music.
because they wear masks, they are faceless.
how could mexico fulfill this condition?
after all, today’s models work.
it lost its innocence decades ago.
2009 began with the flattening of gaza.
eighteenth-century revolutionaries did the same to churches in france.
the crisis was a defeat for democracy.
some did so because they felt poorer.
italy has adopted a similar law.
india, for its part, has taken a conciliatory approach.
boeke, who was inspired by hers experiences in indonesia.
this is an impossible target.
but even then, there is a lot of uncertainty.
semantic technology can discern what it is.
today, trade disputes have gotten closest to fracturing transatlantic relationships.
as a result, very little affordable housing is built.
another opportunity was missed later in the decade.
their answers ranged from unimpressive to downright evasive.
for starters, they reflect an economic-growth problem.
governments did not need their central banks to print money.
but there is a limit to greed.
but aggregate per capita gdp remains below 2007 levels.
one is the limited use of force.
enter the imf.
but monetary policy typically focuses on domestic recovery.
their skepticism proved prescient.
the us pressed pakistan to move against them.
indeed, it will receive no income.
and now she sees hers own opportunity.
but they will do so at their peril.
but this anxiety has not slowed our exploration habits.
ukrainians’ unity, spirit, and devotion to their freedom remain undented.
the tensions on trade issues are no less acute.
none of this is surprising.
other countries share this concern, if to a lesser extent.
he cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
i witnessed such a dynamic firsthand during our field research.
as a result, no additional liquidity is created.
they chose dishonor.
but what are these red lines?
yet france stood in the way once again.
yet malaria is preventable and treatable.
but the reality is considerably more complex.
neoliberalism has undermined democracy for 40 years.
these traumas required responses very different from previous technological changes.
not in vladimir putin’s russia.
now i have a practical example.
restored income growth means more imports from other countries.
such divisions play directly into putin’s hands.
many local partners ruled out taking on lgbti rights.
moreover, both men have rejected the idea of joining forces.
grillo’s movement wants to change the face of italian politics.
at least event organizers are keeping busy.
we can’t save cyberspace by destroying its openness.
for this reason alone, south africans have cause for optimism.
the list goes on.
a euro crisis can be avoided.
as a result, targeting china has enormous political appeal.
most poles think that poland's situation is akin to denmark's.
the international community cannot afford to postpone reform.
this is extremely progressive.
as a result, restructuring efforts have often been piecemeal.
turkey adopted regionally targeted employment subsidies in 2004-2005.
right and having children.
experience presents an awkward fit (at best) with this conception.
but woman was not alone in feeling the impact.
fortunately, technology is countering this misuse of ratings.
“there are no schools.
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially his own.
the fourth key insight is that indicators of wellbeing interact.
nothing could be more incorrect.
to hers horror, the robot francine arose.
why this change of heart?
unfortunately, the risks of doing so are no less obvious.
men are ready, willing, and able.
indeed, his 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
some things must be homegrown.
this has proved to be a winning strategy.
where does europe fit into this picture?
is this good or bad for the world?
accident has always shaped human destiny.
but much depends on local conditions.
it will not work.
it is hard to imagine trump following in fdr’s footsteps.
the authorities also want to ban demonstrations on state occasions.
but it should be more than a gag gift.
europe will not draw a line under its crisis.
that chaos has now come.
her total victory.
the revelations thus encourage wild conspiracy theories.
the latter, more likely.
as economies get richer, they become more real-estate intensive.
but times are changing.
in fact, hers work revolutionized the field.
members commit to accepting eu financial regulation.
president andrzej duda has refused to seat legally selected judges.
none of this is any individual’s fault.
but this approach is fast becoming passé.
hu is due to remain in power until 2012.
i fear that worse may be in store.
it is not going to be an easy balancing act.
nor do most of the world’s foreign-policy pundits.
and that, too, is bad for democracy.
and, to become prime minister, anwar needs umno.
in fact, the offshoring of manufacturing increased by 9%.
structural stagflation--high inflation and low economic growth--will result.
but russia, too, has unnecessarily damaged its international image.
i saw it around me every day; i lived it.
this, indeed, is the language of hamas’s 1988 covenant.
by december 1991, the soviet union ceased to exist.
so how, beyond mere rhetoric, can governments promote creativity?
tourism is a mature industry with plenty of regional competitors.
demand for gold jewelry in india and china soared.
these are not idle questions.
this is, in part, inevitable.
but this does not negate the partnership’s value.
but what concrete actions will trump actually take?
trade rules were both weaker and less encompassing.
in fact, his work revolutionized the field.
just ask the japanese.
time is growing short.
by maintaining strong capital-account regulation, china avoided the contagion.
there is no need to imagine them.
but in principle, ukraine can succeed as well.
but it was a hollow token.
the characteristic asymmetry of fixed exchange-rate systems was gone.
in some cases, there is explicit cooperation with israel.
like trump, president george w.
which internet for europe?
but it was also an important risk-management mechanism.
so far, she has faced hers referendum challenge calmly.
kim kyong-hui’s birth father died when he was four.
why not remind us politicians of their global responsibilities?
this is clearly not sustainable.
and other countries.
households are over-indebted and must save more.
democracy is by definition a peaceful method of settling conflicts.
the economic consequences of much financial trading are similarly zero-sum.
pakistan had passed another milestone.
certain support can only come from the state.
elections, too, are becoming more frequent.
is an alzheimer’s cure at hand?
how much faster is an empirical question.
you were allowed to use the buffet only once.
the other major barrier to growth is corruption.
this argument is both disingenuous and dishonest.
he also appears shrewd and tough.
indonesia is not alone in making environmentally detrimental trade-offs.
so we need not fear that it will decline.
obama’s personality makes matters more complicated.
promises of a currency agreement are equally suspicious.
but far more needs to be done to ensure success.
they don’t even read the classics of their own discipline.
“do” refers to action and requires both training and fieldwork.
how different the twenty-first century looks!
china seems to be counting on that being true.
then there is the time dimension.
it should repay the favor.
an independent judiciary means legal chaos.
then it happened to me again.
the simple correlation coefficient is about -0.9!
more broadly, durable progress will depend on high-level political action.
for starters, the ten-year milestone is especially noteworthy.
if so, brexit will be the detonator for that demolition.
but the court was unmoved.
all along the road were throngs of people.
in 2012, that figure rose to 94%.
warsaw – the global economy’s glory days are surely over.
she is being driven past the berlin wall.
global pharmaceutical companies have taken notice.
the questions posed and statements made can sometimes be longwinded.
germany must propose rules that other countries can follow.
the lisbon strategy needs to be refocused.
but what is happening in russian society is more important.
no minds are changed.
there is no mistaking which side won, and why.
latin america showed strong resilience during the international financial crisis.
it really is a matter of conviction.
catalan separatists were wrong to call an illegal referendum.
in canada, life expectancy is over 80 years and rising.
under that shell, however, there was change.
their objections are then subjected to a seven-day review period.
the announcement soon met with widespread disapproval.
somehow, scientists have been pushed aside by political operators.
when president george w.
we see this now in the political sphere.
the bureaucrats had overreached.
what was unusual about bo was hers open ambition.
and mexico is not alone.
the deal was surprising, but perhaps it shouldn’t have been.
now, the sunny days are gone.
surely, companies must be held more accountable.
barr’s independence had already been in question.
some worry about america’s increasing national debt.
before patrick m.
that opportunity has been lost.
bush, developed a far more ambitious vision.
democracy here is a reality, but a delicate one.
in holland, there is no private medicine.
that is what the catalyst foundation hopes to do.
there is little time – and food – to waste.
then there are strategic suspicions.
he was particularly effective among women and the young.
eu cooperation thus should be directed to lowering trade costs.
sovereign-wealth funds, too, are increasingly involved in financing development.
this means accepting lower growth rates in the future.
when these risks are absent, military action becomes attractive.
but japan’s government was intransigent.
but they should not be dismissed.
one was shut.
obtaining justice, however imperfect, is itself a moral goal.
but all bubbles eventually burst.
europe could soon become as dysfunctional as california.
the stisa scheme places scientific cooperation above national politics.
syria is out of time.
sometimes the competition with china is direct.
the violence and destruction seemed to be over.
he remains very popular on the international scene.
billboards were erected appealing to sunnis to preserve moderation.
several other countries recognize civil unions with similar legal effect.
the nobel laureate in economics paul krugman goes further.
this argument is politically expedient – but wrong.
underemployment is deeply frustrating to them.
but now the regional order is changing.
“i want to rebuild syria,” he said.
an estimated 10 million weddings occur in india annually.
nixon was re-elected, but inflation soared and growth collapsed.
in the short run, adenauer was right and erhard wrong.
the decline and fall of the euro?
china has taken enormous strides in building human capital.
every nation has its founding myth.
but there is nothing isolated about such incidents.
there is no possibility of a two-year period of experimentation.
a major political upheaval is becoming increasingly likely.
no country can address these issues along.
depriving people of their citizenship is immoral – and ineffective.
what the us needs to achieve this is voting reform.
yet trump seems impervious to facts and economic logic.
and the path forward is clear.
therefore, government debt must be reined in.
it cannot happen overnight.
when george w.
effective governance is the final key component.
charisma proves surprisingly hard to identify in advance.
this would make february 23 a holiday truly worth celebrating.
but there were also deeper causes for the soviet demise.
but the price of escape is a kind of deformation.
bush and his administration’s disingenuous brutality.
was it all really truthful?
then there are cross-border linkages with other major economies.
but it remains an unresolved conflict.
so why he is taking such a macroeconomic risk?
one night a year ago, a friend called me.
drawing kazakhstan westward would help embed this secular tradition.
today, those sentiments are slowly changing.
but they disagree about what that core is.
fortunately, barack obama understands that.
an overwhelming majority of states share this view.
the interplay among these multiple objectives may prove especially daunting.
and isn’t that already happening?
but that is a poor rationale.
but, the irish story has not had a happy ending.
wars are traditionally fought over territory.
summit communiqués have become modest if wordy affairs.
but it is difficult to overstate the potential damage.
in the 1990’s, bilateral economic ties continued to expand.
two principal factors are driving this shift.
some observers see the outline of a democratic system emerging.
for some companies, this has come as a thunderbolt.
an imf we can love?
what’s the optimal balance between replicability and the human touch?
putin herself has furnished proof of that.
and the challenges continue to escalate.
this was all implicit in the european union’s single-market initiative.
of course, there are serious budgetary problems.
discrete, limited programs failed to create properly functioning state mechanisms.
but that miracle will not materialize in mainz.
foreign influence is another destabilizing factor.
nowhere is this fact more relevant today than in africa.
will brexit break the pound?
if neither swerves, both will probably die.
several ukrainian ministers had watches that cost more than $30,000.
to be sure, that is not easy to do.
but that would not be the worst of the danger.
that is not the case.
but such a perception can easily become a trap.
the credibility associated with a simple rule disappeared.
so far, it has gotten many things right.
europe could use it.
that is good news for three reasons.
this brings us to diplomacy.
all classes were given equal votes (albeit only males).
today, there are 465,000 syrian child refugees.
but more fluid labor mobility is no panacea.
in the event, however, he remained disappointingly quiet.
europe’s italian muse?
almond, the film's producer also participated.
but there are no such differences in today’s global economy.
likewise, infrastructure investments should have explicit equity-related objectives.
eisenhower’s record, say, in building the us interstate highway system).
but these arguments do not withstand scrutiny.
thus, greater exchange-rate flexibility is overdue.
trump has turned the presidency into a racket.
the eu is oscillating between rhetorical extremism and policy minimalism.
i see a lot of start-ups.
again, timing was a principal factor in sparking outrage.
there is no scientifically “correct” number of traffic deaths.
this is a difficult call.
growth has again fallen short of expectations.
that is the last thing the region needs.
they are not what one could call agents of capitalism.
power sapped their humanity.
there is no excuse for being caught unprepared.
then they grapple with difficulties troubling fortune 500 companies.
she was contained, like a jackal in a cage.
america has not read enough of philip roth.
was this the end of the “lavender ceiling”?
today, the uk enjoys an unprecedented level of security.
unless we are taxpayers, that is.
by contrast, the communists’ campaign was all but invisible.
the longer they fail to adjust, the greater the risks.
in many countries, only mothers are entitled to parental leave.
i did not see that coming.
governments face a dilemma.
cost is probably the most important issue.
this polarized reaction is nothing new.
given our history in this century, that is a victory.
this does, of course, raise the problem of russia.
first, cold war ii is not at hand.
the military odds appear daunting.
how did we get here?
and that means getting incentives right.
mourning poland’s anti-populist martyr
catholicism adrift?
too many think it unreal.
i propose a direct technocracy.
equally important, much evidence was simply ignored.
the areas are usually the same.
that is deeply troubling, and it must be addressed.
this is not the policy the american public wants.
the overall thrust of merkel’s remarks was obvious to everyone.
this commentary is written in the author's personal capacity.
today, unskilled services remain largely off the agenda.
that is international law, and it is being systematically violated.
it would be hard to say that they do.
the impact goes beyond short-term trade and investment.
unsurprisingly, religious freedom is given prominence in the draft constitution.
sometimes people claim that renewables are actually cheaper.
she is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
the idea is not new.
but western sanctions have not worked, either.
he prefers acting with other countries to going it alone.
the task ahead is to see that it is.
encouraged by him mother, ms.
watanabe set him sights on new shores.
unfortunately, germany remains adamantly opposed to eurobonds.
but what about five simultaneous crises?
there are two approaches to building resilience to disasters.
the audience scoffed, to put it mildly.
but was that really a victory for communism?
other agreements refer to building an autonomous european defence capability.
such a turnaround has happened before.
a japanese ponzi scheme?
economic growth, investors believed, was bound to improve.
more work is needed to develop detailed targets for russia.
it is crammed with officials from the old regime.
this sudden fear of emerging countries presents a major dilemma.
but some alawites are prominent opposition figures.
firms seem nervous about the future in both areas.
none of this is new.
indeed, hers 2012 visit to the us left two impressions.
but that could change, and suddenly.
but it might also lead to necessary changes.
of course, there is no “one-size-fits-all” solution.
so china's democratic transition may be closer than anyone realizes.
european institutions reflect this dynamic.
where will all the workers go?
the riskiest institutions were not the largest: firms like j.
in a competitive market, prices should equal marginal costs.
macron has parted ways with the “old left” on taxation.
our parents taught it to us.
the bri is xi’s signature project.
in a way, they were right.
the presiding judge, mrs.
perhaps she could fit that in on weekends.
there are obvious reasons for this.
meet the fed’s charybdis.
i fear for the future.
this nyet was of fundamental importance.
war and violence always have a direct effect on elections.
but now mckinsey seems to have changed its tune.
we may yet avoid a trade war.
engrained habits probably exlain more about china’s saving rate.
it is sufficient that clouds of doubt develop.
instead, political instability is jeopardizing social and economic progress.
hamas must reconsider its refusal to recognize israel.
most of the kids need large numbers of medicines.
president htin kyaw is suu kyi’s close adviser.
post-world war ii trading arrangements were determined by american preferences.
in fact, the prescription may even do harm.
the degree of economic distress certainly matters.
this commentary was originally published in september 2013.
as a result, ukraine’s core institutions are undergoing fundamental change.
the structure of a carbon-pricing scheme remains up for discussion.
we are not seeking ostentatious posts and cheap popularity.
nothing is sacred in business.
one is underdevelopment.
these broad perspectives are unlikely to be discussed in cannes.
trump had trapped himself.
we saw the consequences of that gap in afghanistan.
more power needs to be devolved to the provinces.
surely that is not in germany’s interest.
fukushima has presented the world with a far-reaching, fundamental choice.
bush in 1988 to appeal to the male vote).
this vacuum in the light of a shared historical understanding.
for years, central banks’ prestige has been almost unprecedentedly high.
snowden think that the job is done.
hence, this strategy will require some cross-border shipment of e-waste.
so, also, sweden in the early 1990s.
when imperial arrangements are dissolved, violence often results.
so, too, have protestors around the world made george w.
france, enemy of europe?
she and hers hubby lied about their involvement.
the chinese market for expensive watches is in steep decline.
the answer is clear: america's by a long shot.
any number of rising tempests could end it.
but she refuses to take them up.
and, finally, we need new sources of money.
and that base is strong.
african agriculture continues to face serious challenges.
for example, us president franklin d.
make the un stand for freedom
but none is needed.
economics can be an ally of inclusive prosperity.
consumption or, more precisely, consumerism , appeared to be globalized.
but the apology is just the start.
google image search was born.
in the us, neither r&d nor overall investment is declining.
meanwhile, investment and exports are plummeting as well.
would higher interest rates boost us growth?
johnson’s personal behavior is similarly incontinent.
income inequality is a further challenge.
the key issue is leaders’ attitude when they assume office.
and still some say that syria cannot change.
sinners do not like rules.
but that is easier said than done.
the indicators so far are not very favorable.
years later, israel and jordan normalized their relationship.
who should issue the rating?
in both narratives, traders borrowed money from the future.
this is true, but only up to a point.
the us election is now a volatile affair.
full-scale war ensued.
the next step was not long in coming.
success would probably require something close to regime change.
but few refugee children have enrolled.
and, in that endeavor, she succeeded.
doing so will be our generation’s great task.
nuclear weapons are the darkest side of twentieth-century science.
davos is a good place to start.
interpretation is in the eye of the beholder.
to advocates of the euro, this is a mystery.
on its own, blockchain is hardly revolutionary.
first, china will have to build more liquid financial markets.
yet investment has been disappointing.
this does not mean being soft on crime.
we don’t have answers to these questions.
universities are not, in fact, such dumb organizations.
china is the america of this century.
but long-term health investment is for the living.
we have much to learn, too, from economic history.
some imports would become cheaper as well, benefiting american consumers.
no frenchman wants that more than the ambitious "sarko" himself.
next it was the downturn of 2008-2009.
governments might begin by re-evaluating their aid spending.
understandably, developing countries have begun to ask some pointed questions.
but “success” entails more than departing israelis.
specifically, keynes denied that saving is simply deferred spending.
and europe is not alone.
neither iran nor turkey has reached that point.
this is not only a european phenomenon.
then it all came crashing down.
but, with digital memory, that natural process is halted.
cispa would give the same power to the dhs.
their most crucial tasks include guarding banks and hotels.
on non-proliferation, just ask the ayatollahs in teheran.
the lisbon treaty emphasizes unanimity in decision-making.
but ukrainians do not feel as secure as they should.
and not just anyone can represent the people.
growth forecasts are up because fiscal policy has been relaxed.
no government can control outcomes without the cooperation of others.
indeed, syria has supported allawi for the past seven years.
this may not be popular, especially in an economic downturn.
a powerful president, however, is not necessarily wrong for ukraine.
three of them did so while under sanctions.
this link will dog kwasniewski's presidency.
while bombs drop over baghdad, instability grows in bogotá.
the expectation of uninterrupted economic growth brought a new perspective.
violence in the middle east makes matters worse.
more than seven million american families have lost their homes.
he shrugged and let me stay.
the central bank’s credibility, once dismantled, does not easily return.
the semi-presidential model has also produced variants.
the problem is not that watsi is a bad service.
what japan and china must exchange are words.
but the sustainable seafood movement’s work is far from done.
allah helps those who improve their minds.
it believed that global imbalances would unwind gradually.
a year ago, most pundits argued that this was unsustainable.
defeat, however, is unlikely to change chávez.
was he projecting lucidity?
the italian target credit, however, has now exceeded that estimate.
hers pitchwas intriguing.
islamist parties are changing.
consider tuberculosis, which kills about 1.4 million people each year.
the crown prince’s abdication became inevitable.
neither makes much sense from the perspective of efficiency.
shale gas to the rescue?
a breakthrough for child refugees?
moreover, such lenders should not operate in a vacuum.
to end here, however, would fail rivero.
but we could not tackle the chemistry of genes.
we must meet force with greater force.
but blix reproached kay for his attitude.
free airtime for candidates is also important.
i served in the same role under president ronald reagan.
the question is how.
southerners’ apprehension is well founded.
as a result, income inequality in brazil is declining.
in this process, countries are not alone.
she has since scheduled elections for june 27.
russia lags behind other fast reformers in small business formation.
but some countries are taking action.
allowing ball’s complaint to proceed would have shown this.
most russians will applaud his fall.
the ecb should follow a similar course.
accusations of “crimes against humanity” must cease.
hers ruling party dominates public institutions.
the truth, of course, is more complicated.
many are not.
latin america’s lost half-decade has had severe social consequences.
no one questions the importance of border security.
that would be a serious mistake.
and the nato mission to oust col.
three promising tracks will have to materialize rapidly.
inefficient or distortionary policies are rarely simple mistakes.
the broader international community should support such efforts.
taxes cover less than half of government spending.
taiwan’s government has not blinked.
this recalls a familiar historical pattern.
perhaps that is why they like to meet.
moreover, unilateral mercantilism is no guarantee of success.
a smaller drama concerns russia’s railways.
consider a bit of science fiction.
when productivity rose, it did not fall back again.
upon independence in the 1960s, however, the borders became salient.
true, competition for investment is an incentive to act.
unnecessarily strict data rules will hurt european companies disproportionately.
economic theory rests on the misleading concept of equilibrium.
by 2016, however, the government had reversed its position.
this is not a correction; it is destruction.
lionel jospin: europe's last chance?
it destroys marriages, families, and lives.
former fed chairman alan greenspan knew that it did not.
they can start by paying their taxes.
the third obstacle to progress is violence.
the euro might not survive.
but common rules are little help.
it is a belated debate here.
but the real reason is much simpler.
generally speaking, globalization implies a narrower scope for national policy.
not all israelis share this logic.
unfortunately, she is not alone.
but reform should not be confined to public retirement systems.
this self-inflicted political wound is extremely dangerous.
the same should happen today.
only one of those appears to be a tenable option.
above all, europe needs conviction.
no other source of policy uncertainty has been as destabilizing.
even after both payments, employers can be better off financially.
she pursues power without considering the consequences of hers actions.
those fears are, for the most part, overblown.
but does such a west exist?
the list could easily be continued.
there is little downside risk.
meanwhile, poverty rates in south america have remained relatively constant.
the problem begins in abe’s own domain – politics.
the first is the ability to borrow abroad in dollars.
but there is more to come.
costs in its military confrontation with america and the west.
fiscal stimulus at such a time is plainly procyclical.
in “crowd politics,” emotions often supersede goals.
people became less tolerant of hypocrisy.
consultation can minimize surprises.
like the bourbons, they have learned nothing and forgotten nothing.
yes, the british were ultimately defeated.
bilateral donors could do more as well.
and obama’s triumph heralded the fall in oil prices.
then, too, athletes were discouraged from voicing their opinions.
is the same true for diplomacy?
third, the rate of currency appreciation has edged up.
but despite these signs of progress, more action is needed.
fiscal autonomy, too, is largely missing in russia.
women got the vote.
we are even better at refuting potential explanations.
these are the real reasons we care about global warming.
without their active participation, success is unlikely.
but how many have not registered yet?
there was tension in the lines of hers mouth.
and it could go further for the same reason.
recent trends in global trade are also flashing warning signs.
gandhism without moral authority is like marxism without a proletariat.
but in evolutionary terms this is nonsense.
racism in america made conditions worse.
marine resources cannot be overexploited indefinitely.
- have come to pass.
the eu’s new top team is all but confirmed.
the crucial questions concern the economics of our response.
after all, practice makes perfect.
given russia’s economic fundamentals, putin’s diminished popularity might appear surprising.
they have less to lose than rising powers.
now terrorists have become the designated mistresses of malevolence.
new bureaucracies are being set up to regulate private business.
indeed, parents cannot really influence how schools shape their children.
the scenario is not altogether unlikely.
in fact, perhaps real action is born of crisis itself.
will the government liberalize interest rates or loosen capital controls?
there are two ways to do this.
in brazil, matters are somewhat different.
our economies’ long‑term sustainability depends on it.
the consequences of that decision are still emerging.
the german government can and should increase public investment.
deng xiaoping began to champion “reform and opening” in 1978.
for starters, corruption cripples prospects for development.
mcconnell has said he won’t rule out doing the same.
central bankers think about that a lot.
the recent u.s.
boom is heavily based on enormous investments of u.s.
companies in the new information technologies.
in today’s world, it seems, strength respects only strength.
why pay more?
all fear pro-democracy protests like the plague.
but not all jurisdictions respond in the same way.
no amount of threats will change that.
thus, etete had essentially given opl 245 to himself.
yet there is more worrisome news.
this is all pretty worrisome.
every g-20 country is participating in the exploration subsidy fest.
before 1914, it played essentially no international role.
the award was long overdue.
but the problem goes well beyond trump or the republicans.
clearly, reality is not so neat.
first comes growth driven by foreign borrowing.
not surprisingly, she won re-election resoundingly.
at this moment, restraint and moderation are imperative.
but the oil producers’ woes are not necessarily bad news.
the choice of words is telling.
it is not only perishable food that is squandered.
of course, canada’s actions in ukraine are not purely altruistic.
public opinion didn't matter; it didn't even exist.
kashmir is a diplomatic minefield.
he also proves his profound friendship for the jewish state.
as they do, they should learn from successful small economies.
this made sense in 1945; it does not today.
what i find interesting are the implications.
inflation would clearly make creditors worse off.
that is unlikely to be the end.
credit tightened sharply.
us ambassadors to japan have come in three types.
the brexit referendum last june was itself a disaster.
it is a matter of pragmatic economic necessity.
the end of asia’s strategic miracle?
how much should they do?
i played it, the ref allowed it.
macron looks like a french john f.
kennedy and he campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
relations with the americas are different in nature.
and how can and should we organize our society?
this approach reinforces mutual misapprehension.
macron’s remarkable victory certainly merits celebration.
we know that the fast-food culture is literally killing us.
common opinion suggests that this state of affairs is unjust.
last month, it became the target.
but is it right?
can the arab states avoid a similar fate?
wars shouldn’t happen at all, he believed.
implementing this project is undoubtedly a dangerous strategy for trump.
in demonstrations the following day, 36 more people were killed.
now, it has returned to almost exactly its opening level.
members of hers family have also been imprisoned.
so carstens has positioned himself firmly in the hawk colony.
of course, critics are right to denounce chauvinism and hate.
and herein lies the problem.
china shows every sign of moving in the same direction.
with luck, we may pull through once again.
third, there will be unexpected promotions and abrupt purges.
the lights must not go out across europe.
in confronting trump, there can be no discount.
other economic shadows remain, with serious potential political implications.
president george w.
who will be included or excluded?
even so, the international community still has options.
in the period since, the adverse effects have been enormous.
the question is when.
if so, they should start thinking differently.
affluent flemings in belgium resent having to support unemployed walloons.
simply put, pan-eurozone financial governance had supposedly won the day.
so said dr.
victor frankenstein when his “creation” was complete.
a second requirement is that we look ahead more effectively.
torture and forced disappearances are also widespread.
open society is also an abstract idea in another sense.
that is almost certainly optimistic.
palo alto, calif.
as a result, farmers’ incomes suffer while food prices soar.
the same applies to the market, which also appears gender-blind.
the imf usually deals with profligate governments.
the numbers are hard to believe.
its promise to act was enough to calm markets.
china’s “peaceful” rise?
the question is whether stein’s new view is justified.
others had their eyes gouged out.
the real question is what comes next.
the demands of this middle class have become crucial.
the consequences of failure in copenhagen could be considerable.
unfortunately, political conditions in russia are moving the wrong way.
china has an exemplary record in this area.
the new gene-editing techniques appear to be very accurate.
excessive fiscal and monetary expansion made these economies unstable.
economists believe that market forces drive prices to fundamentals.
are monetary policymakers poised to break the world again?
so einstein dropped the cosmological term.
that seems rather odd.
new delhi – a new reality is emerging in asia.
here, he may receive help from an unlikely source.
hers tax reform must be revenue neutral.
this expands educational and employment opportunities.
the story with land use is the same.
first, western countries’ support must be unambiguous.
others include shura (consultation), ijtihad (independent reasoning), and ijma (consensus).
something is amiss in the world of finance.
obviously, the election's flaws cannot be swept under the carpet.
but this is to turn the matter on its head.
but wade is trying other tricks.
in short, the european development-finance system needs an overhaul.
here judgments part.
the truth is that certain cultural practices support economic modernization.
she was notorious for refusing to build strong institutions.
but such cases were exceptional.
civil liberties were boosted.
business elites were not any less politically powerful back then.
boys marry and begin to have children very young.
consider admiral hyman rickover, the father of america’s nuclear navy.
the trend can be seen in traditionally autocratic regimes.
new haven – once again, china has defied the naysayers.
“daskaa 2.0” is the result of several recent developments.
so why does the public support his policies?
being muslim, they did so.
why ban kites?
in practice, such a stance would be highly destabilizing.
this idea is attractive at first sight.
that “something” is being competitive in world markets.
the more respectable argument revolved around the question of sovereignty.
at risk are the very fundamentals that underpin current optimism.
and yet little has changed in its aftermath.
this approach depends on two major policy shifts.
instead, we occupy our bodies.
germany trades with the entire world.
the right, especially in america, does not.
somehow a new life would begin.
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
africa’s economy may grow, but africans will continue to suffer.
nonetheless, the eurozone’s long-term structural outlook remains uninspiring.
would it really be worth it?
still, necessity is the father of invention.
clearly, there is much more going on elsewhere.
scotland has a parliament, wales an assembly.
the second, however, is probably still beyond its reach.
today, their unsteady relationship features cooperation alongside intensifying competition.
but israelis do not accept this political logic.
riots and political protests would have broken out earlier, too.
so it must be doing something right.
true, debt deleveraging is not without limits.
unilateralism rarely works.
this is highly unlikely, given the way our economies work.
how long will council meetings actually last?
but they crashed when the yen tumbled.
but there is not, which is both puzzling and worrisome.
europe may also benefit from trump’s energy policy.
on the contrary, europe has now rushed to initiate qe.
· implement general european training schemes.
it is also often ignored.
his administration has been inept, corrupt, and without accomplishment.
the world expected a political eruption.
but he has sacrificed a lot to provide for her.
now terrorists have become the designated masters of malevolence.
constant’s story is one of true dedication to polio eradication.
de-risking revisited
the old model won’t work.
the worst case is never inevitable.
the political core of hers regime had become hollow.
and china is also moving fast.
on
no wonder the party is over.
the us should continue its tradition of bipartisan support.
these arrangements come in two flavors: outrageous and beyond belief.
california is not alone.
not in italy.
cook certainly remains a politician-in-waiting.
jihadi extremism cannot be defeated unless the mainstream wins.
things were different this time though.
we have nothing to fear from the facts.
bribes are taken by everyone, everywhere, and for everything.
accordingly, he often adopts him competitors’ ideas.
so, what makes a successful metaphor work?
it was a disaster long in the making.
the solution looks so rational, tempting, and irresistibly simple.
one is that somali al-shabaab terrorists had struck again.
sacrifices will have to be made.
europe’s growing cocaine problem is due to several factors.
threats fly back and forth between tokyo and seoul.
and, third, they must settle all disputes by peaceful means.
is the us-japan alliance coming to an end?
can asians resolve global problems?
our volume marked a turning point.
the end of little germany?
from abbas’s perspective, the ground is well prepared.
both riots brought romania to the rim of the abyss.
given this reality, the best bankers, traders, dealmakers, etc.
will work for companies that provide the most attractive compensation.
falling prices have paralyzed japan's economy for a decade.
as for europe, it did nothing – which was foreseeable.
this will be no easy feat.
education provides the same kind of vast opportunity.
indeed, we need each other.
d) xyz corporation’s affiliates and anyone it chooses.
only later did we learn that president john f.
that’s the opposite of momentum.
the panel did find violations of guatemalan labor laws.
failure will cost lives.
no one meets your gaze.
they are digging the graves of russia’s prosperity and democracy.
their “dashboard” tabulates progress in 14 different regulatory areas.
as in any vibrant democracy, differences in views exist.
their governments should encourage them.
an estimated 400 people have been killed in this fighting.
the reasoning behind the tests seemed unimpeachable.
the volume of trade is growing rapidly.
but what about india’s other billion people?
last year she was wanted for murder.
they have also ceded some powers to international bodies.
you are, you say, unwilling to read 5,000 words?
two factors work to gore’s disadvantage.
but this logic rests more on correlation than causation.
and this has not been achieved by mortgaging the future.
a non-trivial example is taxation.
of course, that would produce wasted investment.
the us and russia back different sides.
he was not alone in this rhetoric.
many important initiatives are already underway.
the case for prioritizing such investments is no less compelling.
and the us response to the latest russian missile shipment?
these are eminently negotiable issues.
in many ways, today’s transformative technologies are challenging that premise.
today, we have entered a new phase.
perhaps the change is structural.
money is now less important than even a year ago.
this has been a long time coming.
however, intervention would not be required at these margins.
but rivero was too smart.
the war is at a stalemate.
compare and contrast, as students are asked to do.
companies earn their profits by exploiting their environment.
what counter-measures china will deploy are yet to be discerned.
moreover, it is under extreme pressure.
unfortunately, the republican candidates have done little to help them.
where does the world go now?
war is mayhem and suffering.
why the controversy?
here were our children, bloodied and beaten.
by 2016, that gap had essentially vanished.
this is progress, but it is not enough.
the fund’s involvement seems appropriate.
making matters worse, the aadhaar program leaks like a sieve.
land is also increasingly scarce.
but where, exactly, are the greatest concentrations of poor people?
the work of mourning, to use freud's formula, is continuous.
yet germans, too, are unable to suppress such feelings.
these women were undoubtedly heroes.
the laws of international economics still apply.
minnesota and texas have run pilot projects with promising results.
but it certainly wasn’t the last.
the reaction has been swift, harsh, and almost universally excoriating.
all of which brings us back to darfur.
the timing of the so-called baltic way was no accident.
setting goals was the easy part.
voters in overwhelmingly republican alabama elected moore’s democratic challenger.
a little searching on google also shows mixed usage.
the electoral court, however, decided otherwise.
today’s fashion in development is no different.
but they have not yet produced a deal.
of course, capriles faces formidable obstacles.
but domestic borrowing is not a panacea.
fiscal deficits have been growing at unsustainable levels.
the ecsc became the core of today’s european union.
everyone was outraged, except for trump’s voters.
the reason is simple.
this explains the popular hostility toward obama.
the context of the arrest matters enormously.
not by mayor luzhkov.
but most of these gains are now seriously threatened.
russia*s largest social transfers are pensions - 5.5-6% of gdp.
russia, france, and germany objected to this.
nevertheless, too much government regulation may “crowd out” moral behavior.
will the iran conflict break the west?
coffee and a pastry?
trump’s announcement was made with a bully’s bravado.
enlarging the council could make maters worse.
hers ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
true, market-based measures of inflation expectations have collapsed.
the much-vaunted european principle of justice and transparency demands it.
but turkey’s internal political wars are now jeopardizing this future.
legal frameworks enshrine such values.
the first task is already being tackled.
that will not be easy.
against this backdrop, poland is the odd woman out.
the dynamic u.s.
this is a critical moment for the eu.
but, in this globalized century, it is the only option.
trump, like so many of his compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
democracy, in turn, tamed capitalism further.
the premise is simple: no dollar can be spent twice.
i believe so.
trump’s trade war is an international tragedy.
he cannot command.
which of these four scenarios is most likely?
this, too, was an exaggeration, but tocqueville had a point.
what use are economists?
meddling from moscow has certainly focused minds in kiev.
firms need stronger tax incentives for r&d.
more countries need to do it.
the odds on either are exceedingly poor.
so far, so good.
or so the theory went.
external shocks also explain china’s gdp slowdown since 2007.
we must choose two among the three.
these men also run a greater risk of ovarian cancer.
experience teaches us to be prudent.
but is this a good enough explanation?
there is precedent for such soul-searching in the arab world.
but what does that mean in practice?
with china, like seeks to talk to like.
but they are the wrong weapons.
and that variability complicates environmental planning in three important ways.
that is a stretch.
muammar el-qaddafi’s mind on civilian protection.
future generations just don’t count much.
i am not alone in my concern.
i don't think so.
her capital needs run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.
that old bureaucratic paternalism, thaksin knew, was ripe for overthrow.
what did kuroda and his colleagues expect?
that success is itself driven by a number of factors.
president george h.w.
terrorists are hunted down.
one woman saw this coming.
this “elite capture” is not insignificant.
what is the secret of the american economic performance?
but time is running out.
every downturn comes to an end.
“france first,” crows marine le pen and him national front.
enforced segregation is mirrored in every aspect of saudi life.
ocean governance and conservation is at a critical juncture.
can it succeed?
likewise, the world cannot develop without china.
hubbard and mankiw advised former president george w.
violations are punishable by death.
so the challenges of survival are enormous.
publication in such journals is also the basis of promotion.
the complexity of inequality
the swiss, meanwhile, have banned minarets.
likewise, economic globalization cannot be undone.
those principles must then be implemented effectively.
“they should just leave us alone,” one woman told me.
in one sense, indeed, the french protests are reassuringly familiar.
yet parties remain indispensable to elective democracy.
this in turn sets an example for other sectors.
zionism aimed at renewing and deepening an old identity.
consider the attitudes of france and germany.
in short, governments need to learn to think ahead.
the probability of such events is not negligible.
venezuelans deserve better than this.
but wilson had to negotiate with eight fairly similar countries.
led by america’s “mr.
the chinese are keen students of history.
that is an unconvincing stance.
likewise, presidents george h.w.
twenty years have passed.
in bangladesh, 30,000 children die every year due to malnourishment.
thailand’s farms became increasingly alienated from the urban elite.
this is such a circumstance.
“dada covers things with an artificial tenderness,” wrote tzara.
colombia at peace?
brutal as they sound, worse is likely to come.
to some degree, the iraq insurgency reflects its historic predecessors.
without this orchestrated paranoia, the kims have no legitimacy.
what settlement is there to obstruct?
a few more slumdogs may become millionaires by then.
what kind of italy will we see after march 4?
the rescue package leaves this task undone.
but greece and its creditors must make it work.
time will tell.
of course, to be effective, such areas must be monitored.
adaptation programs help strengthen climate resilience.
regrettably, piñera took action in none of these areas.
small countries tend to be open to trade.
in other words, the french exception is alive and well.
as hers policy interests grew, rudi's fame spread.
the imf has revised that assumption downward, to 3.5%.
few middle eastern swfs are pure financial investors.
erdoğan the peacemaker?
but there is no historical basis for this notion.
chile versus argentina
and we dragged others into our struggles.
we all deserve better.
“if the price falls, it falls,” he said.
are europe’s economic prospects brighter than they appear?
but that is no longer true in today's interconnected world.
in france, everyone understood and approved.
analytical failures were partly to blame for this.
i think he will make a good prime minister.
indeed, the regime welcomed george w.
and the opportunity to work should be a basic freedom.
now, these guarantees are coming back to bite the government.
the truth, as usual, lies somewhere in between.
but one should not jump to conclusions.
these investigations need to be followed up with judicial action.
but what would they mean in practice?
plus ça change, plus c’est la même chose.
we need to strengthen, not weaken, international cooperation.
the question is why modi did it.
matters are worse in the banking sector.
will the us response be “bold” enough?
but the g-20, by itself, is not the answer.
this year will be another difficult one for china.
similar arrangements could be found for the other eurozone countries.
recently kiriyenko allies posted political ads in moscow buses.
witness the upheaval in north africa and the middle east.
europe faces real threats, which france alone cannot contain.
nothing is more important than investing in maternal health.
clinton lends himself graciously to the exercise.
unfortunately, beggar-thy-neighbor protectionism will make the world poorer.
there was uncertainty concerning the state of the economy.
contrary to campaign rhetoric, simple protectionism would harm consumers.
exceptional circumstances sometimes give rise to exceptional characters.
good feelings abound.
can we oppose them with anything but individual rights?
mass, momentum, and energy, but with crisp definitions.
but a single-payer system will not give it to them.
then anything may happen.
they can demand cash on a day’s notice.
as a result, they will fail to reassure financial markets.
to be sure, fortune and success are inseparable in politics.
more importantly, immigration's overall benefits outstrip the costs.
poland was not east germany, where the stasi was ubiquitous.
generally speaking, we have three models to choose from.
in 2018, divisions within and between countries continued to deepen.
inflation and unemployment remain rampant.
no dollar collapse looms.
but countries like burkina faso cannot address climate change alone.
of course, few saints grace ukrainian politics.
he is a canny businessman – that much is clear.
the question is not whether it will happen again.
that is scarcely surprising.
the signs of asia’s rise are unmistakable.
the first factor is the economy’s underlying volatility.
that they no longer do so is deeply disturbing.
two billion people are now overweight or obese.
indeed, the european market is already slipping away.
trade naturally creates mutual dependence.
demille or las vegas.
finally, there is the ever-present possibility of bioterrorism.
they are not alone in their anxiety.
meanwhile, financial-sector deregulation would exacerbate economic inequality within the us.
the collateral damage for eu foreign policy is also significant.
now they are a global obsession.
the current upturn is now quite mature.
egypt’s revolutionaries understood this.
so it sold its own securities to the public instead.
in fact, there are basically two categories of suicide bombers.
should europe regulate sovereign wealth funds?
and putin cannot avoid responsibility.
she shares with them already; sharepractice will make it easy.
and no country acknowledges jerusalem as the capital of israel.
if anything, it is the calm before an approaching storm.
the days of the marshall plan are long gone.
this would have important political consequences.
low lying islands like the maldives will become submerged.
the list of other challenges facing china is long.
tailor-made products could be put together from exchange-traded instruments.
there are again two reasons for this.
this line of reasoning assumes that markets are perfectly efficient.
for the time being, the situation remains open.
khrushchev denounced his mentor, stalin.
now, perhaps, it has finally come home.
israel is often cited as a precedent for such efforts.
but that’s a professional network, and frankly, not much fun.
and, under hers rule, turkey has become a regional power.
but history suggests that this is a dangerous assumption.
china became one of the 13 economies after 1979.
portugal has a private-debt problem.
but the danger is real.
at that time, history provided odd support.
if this is blair’s calculation, he is mistaken.
this is a fantasy.
rigorous math or language classes?
he is well-educated and experienced in international affairs.
the problems run much deeper.
well, just because!
they are teachers, engineers, and workers of all types.
russia’s population implosion
quite the contrary.
what is the result?
even russian officials speak approvingly of modern slavery.
other provisions could be added.
central banking, having lost its way, is in crisis.
this is undoubtedly all to the good.
only komorowski was with civic platform.
it explores the world in order to influence it.
his son-in-law has continued in that tradition.
we know what needs to be done.
some lose their jobs.
but that might not be entirely welcome news.
revenue-desperate combatants were forced to turn to inflation finance.
this reasoning resonates with the us public.
similarly, the payroll tax for low-income workers could be eliminated.
no one had elected them.
one hopes, for china’s sake, that it does not.
helena (territories with a combined population of roughly 40,000).
meanwhile, china's current-account surplus has again soared.
sorkin had good access to the key people involved.
and, indeed, has it really failed?
and yet a grave responsibility rests upon their shoulders.
most advanced economies’ financial sectors remain bloated.
and so it went, from bubble to bubble.
that should not stop the west from making the offer.
the crisis changed all that.
nonetheless, the overall trend has been toward increased openness.
but this trip will be trickier.
in fact, the uk’s survival could depend on it.
neither can the international community.
such imbalances are reminiscent of the 1945-89 order.
today’s rich work, unlike those in the balzac-austen era.
nobody likes to feel manipulated, even by soft power.
this is surely a sign of further instability ahead.
the threat is economic rather than military.
that is what mexico has just done.
but macron cannot do it alone.
yeltsin once spoke about hers scheme to link two centrists.
climate change now represents a clear and present danger.
it took ecars – now!
only 11 days to sign up 500 interested customers.
the exact opposite is occurring with renewables.
but their own government’s murderous ways may be little different.
this is startling, given the manifold benefits.
over time, this stimulated ever-greater economic convergence.
there are always naysayers, and they are often wrong.
- which is the richest country in the world?
the numbers themselves say a lot.
imports are 15% of us gdp.
information is king.
dengue fever, too, is now vaccine-preventable.
the mgi report rejects such a gloomy conclusion.
the implications of this shift may be far-reaching.
parts of africa are moving in the right direction.
the violence has also become crueler.
barbarians or geniuses at the gate?
president george w.
rather, it was the predictable result of a changing climate.
science” and “mr.
falling equity prices in china have destabilized markets worldwide.
some, like renzi, respond with acts of blind rebellion.
many countries flourished in the new environment.
evidence exists for this thesis.
oddly, the 1960s strongly paralleled the 1860s.
i am not convinced by these arguments.
at stake is the security of mankind.
european commission officials could dismiss that as the uk’s problem.
viewed properly, inclusiveness is actually a strategy that enhances growth.
but evidence in other areas remains patchy.
reversing our priorities has a powerful implication.
sometimes it is, sometimes not.
but we should not panic.
this may require some international credit enhancements or guarantees.
the gaps in the strategy are clear.
to be sure, popular revolts are nothing new for egypt.
this gave key constituencies what they wanted.
his is a very nineteenth-century view of the world.
however, there seemed to be more over-diagnosis than under-diagnosis.
the reasons for poor performance are deep-seated and complex.
in principle, there need be no contradiction.
josé casanova explains why poland publicly took the lead.
he wears nice suits.
but the rule of law did eventually prevail.
fortunately, people also tend to trust their national leaders.
or it simply all ends in riots.
forced secularization from above--relatively successful in the soviet union--failed abjectly.
no surprise, then, that exports to europe have collapsed.
these are indeed the right priorities.
thus, us officials face four tasks.
nor am i alone.
reality is more complex.
they need support, too.
but there is reason to be hopeful.
perhaps they should; but there are two problems.
little was done.
third, global imbalances led to cheap money.
america’s invasion, launched by former president george w.
is peace with the taliban possible?
mahatma gandhi galvanized millions of oppressed people through his marches.
sadly, hers hardship is only beginning.
argentina is another country where journalists are on the defensive.
but a breakthrough appears close.
do peer-to-peer businesses undercut incumbents by not paying similar taxes?
others want europe to affirm its secular nature.
europe's persistent reluctance puts the turks in a quandary.
auschwitz did not occur in a vacuum.
we should not be focusing on quick solutions.
they were concerned about basic canons of human rights.
in 2013, elton john performed.
this has created a policy dilemma.
he has never recanted.
in fact, pessimism has reigned over economists’ outlooks for centuries.
meanwhile, the opposition labour party has fallen into disarray.
but those who wish otherwise can take hope.
he played ruthlessly on him femininity.
so who is right?
the market's positive moral features, however, are many.
trump seems hell-bent on having a trade war.
labor unions have been just as disagreeable as chaebol bosses.
the indian state began to be perceived as openly discriminatory.
but what lies ahead is much more challenging.
she bravely opted for the latter.
is russia dying out?
devaluation is not an option because of the common currency.
which immigration policies best facilitate economic growth?
a number of steps would help ease the tension.
official negotiations are removed from reality.
this is a serious problem.
it is also where most of argentina’s poor live.
south korea’s nationalized banks directly funded export-oriented companies.
germany’s constitutional court, of course, does not write the rules.
so why the reluctance to count on the fund?
this must change if russia is to prevent future beslans.
xi’s confidence extends to china’s domestic politics.
to his horror, the robot francine arose.
the proper responses are also increasingly understood.
this is not mere speculation.
the cold war, of course, cut europe in two.
older upper-middle-class americans and europeans have had a good life.
debt represents a barrier to that finance.
totalitarian ideologies were its enemies.
what explains this slowdown in health-care spending?
but the data show the opposite.
after weeks of dithering, the polish government refused.
by then the sowing season was long over.
defend she did.
setting goals is important for many reasons.
leave that to microsoft.
will its target be adivasis, buddhists, christians, dalits, parsis, sikhs?
they also differ subtly over their conception of humans.
the central government has considerable control over both.
the au has resisted military coups in the past.
but “full employment” is a rather tenuous and unreliable construct.
to him burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
he was inspired by al-qaeda.
without question, the past year’s insecurity has taken a toll.
the judicial system has seen root and branch change.
in continental europe, most governments are multi-party coalitions.
political solidarity must be underpinned by effective financial solidarity.
the 2012 kyoto targets are attainable.
renminbi internationalization should not be a policy priority.
but i don’t envy her the job.
the trump-kim summit will have warm atmospherics.
so what is happening?
welcome to the mad world of israeli parliamentary democracy.
this will be a decisive year.
right now, this decentralization process is manageable.
all this is immutable fact.
abdullah does not have a full brother.
outsiders have found tangible improvements in residents’ health.
but state powers shrank as global capital markets expanded.
quite simply, german gaullism doesn't work.
so, is inflation dead?
i even offered to do the cost-benefit analysis for free.
in fact, empirical data suggest the significance of this danger.
russia found a young reformer in mikhail gorbachev too late.
more officials are expected to fall in the coming year.
most of these countries are far from being insolvent.
he replied that he, too, wanted that.
hence the potential legal demand is huge.
we are all at fault.
on every previous occasion, member states preferred compromise to rupture.
indeed, wrongheaded policymaking continued long after the crisis began.
of course, there is also a healthy element of competition.
but when i was ten, the second intifada began.
a successful vision is one that combines inspiration with feasibility.
when will botswana follow suit?
all of it will be demanding.
what awaits us tomorrow?
clearly, this was russian president vladimir putin’s year.
no peace settlement is under serious consideration.
and it is a real alternative.
the two-faced economy
there is a caveat, though.
but that is wrong.
it is especially important to restructure soes.
the third position falls somewhere between these extremes.
we found none.
we know what to do to educate our children.
was the choice of dylan political or non-political?
of course, identity and interests are often linked.
but china’s decision-makers should bear two things in mind.
the courts themselves cannot borrow.
such support should not be too difficult to muster.
the hero is both noble and self-destructive.
thus, war would be unlikely.
it will encourage the reemergence of global imbalances.
the year 1704 is packed with meaning.
after sunset, there is a common program.
capital will flow in rather than out.
but can we depend on that dream’s realization?
as a result, we discount the future heavily.
he was steadily rebuffed by the american government.
livni is a selective and unsentimental peacemaker.
the leading regions have experienced rapid growth.
for consumers, it is an unalloyed boon.
fortunately, there is a better option.
this cost advantage is diminishing fast.
only germany’s lunatic fringe dares to commemorate hitler.
but it is the first word.
virtual politics, whatever that will be, is around the corner.
unfortunately, the country may not be far behind.
how much should we worry about inequality?
these panicked responses are not just futile.
non-violence has offered no solutions to them.
yet the region has failed to construct that firewall.
let us return to the eu’s recent actions.
politicians are tempted to whip up fears for ulterior purposes.
but there are at least two exceptions to this suspicion.
on the contrary, it appears inevitable.
this shifts us spending toward goods produced by domestic firms.
finally, national and global media outlets face a quandary.
in lagos, action is urgently needed.
but each side’s interests need not be mutually exclusive.
take the case of the french ambassador to britain.
indeed, what britons should have been afraid of was brexit.
by this standard, we are doing badly.
greece was hurt by the wars in the balkans.
several factors can direct consumers towards more environmentally friendly behavior.
but were regulators surrogate lobbyists for the financial industry?
no, they argue.
the world health organization needs a new head.
the second value is social justice.
“she said, ‘i am starting this company.
they must continue to push for a better deal.
sentiment toward trump is even more unfavorable in western europe.
the eurozone’s july 21 summit was a small step forward.
many people and institutions are actively working toward this end.
this goal certainly seems attainable.
how do you measure health improvement?
does he intend to play a long game?
arab youth had to fight and win democracy for themselves.
such an initiative would face considerable obstacles, however.
instead, japan is experiencing a silent run on the yen.
sigmund freud would have been fascinated.
in particular, she got three things right.
is it not enough for us to be well off?
finally, one must not discount the fear factor.
younger pakistanis are going even further.
she demonstrated hers pedagogic talents during the campaign.
how is the wassenaar model relevant to brazil?
market fundamentalism was not just an intellectual fashion.
in the past, the role of the soes was clear.
at least the initiative pointed in the right direction.
we are not alone.
this is not a time to bet against china.
people who do these things are healthier on average.
human rights were also affected by such cold war bipolarity.
that worry may be premature.
but halappanavar’s death leaves us with no choice.
modi’s is a foreign policy by whim, not by design.
these withdrawal parameters meshed with china’s pre-war aims.
but regulators around the world have overestimated their overall benefit.
the founders’ state-building efforts were met with suspicion.
but europe and the world are also being tested.
europe's leading economies, like germany, are a fiscal embarrassment.
has the eurozone, at long last, reached the inflection point?
this critique has some truth in it, but is overblown.
we cannot just say we care; we must show it.
and mohyeldin can sound like robert f.
asian economies are exposed to china.
but, closer to the political center, the differences are significant.
before that happens, international norms and laws must be strengthened.
as a species, human beings have a major self-control problem.
president george w.
that story was repeated by media organizations worldwide.
it is here that vosskuhle’s question matters the most.
first, mao's revolution destroyed traditional values.
but israel’s margin for strategic error will shrink even further.
other interest groups obstruct the growth of employment-creating businesses.
the european identity is still far from being solid.
there are many nurses, but most are inadequately trained.
but stock markets were barely higher in early november.
eu enlargement marks the beginning of a new era.
or even any serious and incurable illness or disability?
the first sets the scene.
it’s a new kind of relationship.
the problem with being “mr.
where is the west headed?
but the eurozone crisis is also a globalization crisis.
all we have are the president’s tweets.
but this may be about to change.
such perceptions are often mediated by ideas and previous experiences.
science, and the behavior of scientists, has never been perfect.
moreover, domestic demand in the eurozone is strong.
until recently, flashy aid packages for russia were fashionable.
just as us president george w.
prizes are for heroes.
as a sweetener, japan was offered £5 million.
all of this has an economic angle as well.
this raises an interesting point.
a chinese pivot?
this cultural debate is not limited to the arab scene.
these adverse trends date back to about 1980.
belief in misguided notions inevitably leads to further nonsense.
and, at first, many approved.
the brexiteers lied.
now, the government must confront difficult questions.
public health measures have trumped the importance of individual care.
neither scenario is very likely.
and their suffering is only intensifying.
a look at the commodity-price fluctuations themselves reinforces this view.
and i was not a child that long ago.
the impunity trap
strengthen single-market policies.
but at least europe has benefited from falling commodity prices.
and although george w.
the euro was flawed at birth.
the bullies still run the schoolyard.
economic policies are usually not technocratic in this sense.
it can also teach many lessons.
what’s left after 1989?
the decision ensures normal debt payments by argentina in december.
second, the time for america to worry is now.
we do not exhaust our resources on weapons.
financial institutions need to enhance pre-lending screening and post-borrowing monitoring.
israel, for its part, is exerting pressure in two ways.
she thinks banks are still dangerously unstable.
in the meantime, enlightened populism may be the best option.
the ocean has suffered decades of abuse and neglect.
principal and interest on outstanding debt have been left intact.
one of every ten professors in europe is a woman.
some argue that they have simply escaped putin’s control.
their mobilization capacity is high.
nothing to be grumpy about there.
so what gives?
to see why, consider health or life insurance.
a better way forward requires more balance and better coordination.
but the accusation against the us is especially misplaced.
much rides on british voters’ decision in june.
i know of no undergraduate textbook that acknowledges the question.
the second is the failure to invest in children.
however, there is something missing in the story.
the ebola episode holds further lessons.
so far, things are going extremely well for dmitriy rogozin.
don’t think battlefields.
but there are critical factors that cannot be ignored.
krenz hesitated, then handed him a press release.
yes, china governs by a consensus of the standing committee.
now, that, too, would be an exquisite irony.
that requires three steps.
but we should all celebrate.
the other road is a lot less attractive.
g-20 nations must take the lead in making this happen.
georgetown, guyana – my country is overwhelmed with teen pregnancies.
indeed, it makes the current status quo seem comfortable.
“i want to be clear,” clinton noted.
did goebbels win?
yet they continue to repeat it.
but what if the older sibling requires a donated kidney?
syria’s kurds are ready to build a more democratic country.
such actions would effectively disenfranchise 21% of voters.
today we no longer take such virtues as given.
on the contrary, it requires a special focus.
israel is opposed to any agreement with iran.
the middle east is already in turmoil.
political embarrassment mounts.
but industrialization is never automatic.
which brings us to the state of the auto industry.
science is far from perfect.
a second critical area is taxation and social protection.
more than 130 countries have abolished the death penalty.
productivity growth makes many things possible.
nor, sadly, do most politicians.
erdoğan and his ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
it will undermine labor’s skills and productivity.
enormous subsidies, mainly from local budgets, are allocated for housing.
meanwhile, india’s prime working-age population will increase by 190 million.
but turkey is different.
a financial package conditioned on political agreements may seem ambitious.
saudi men find themselves living in a petrified system.
eventually, technological progress undermined industrial capitalism.
once again, serbs face such a moment.
or your commodity exports hit the jackpot?
we must pay more attention to economic suffering.
bush in 2003.
and i am, after all, an american.
one is military.
and this cannot be merely intuitive.
anything short of that would be very bad news.
china is also replacing government fleets with evs.
some sectors (particularly energy) experienced bottlenecks, causing inflation to accelerate.
the answer, in my opinion, is no.
kerry has also expressed “regret” over the incident.
one is the political empowerment of the chinese people.
what are homebuyers thinking?
taiwan did not receive foreign aid or preferential market access.
why is democracy faltering?
is pornography driving men crazy?
a “true” industrial policy for all
19.
rural people became mired in squalor.
now both models have derailed.
that is why development tends to be unequal.
but nobody thinks that idea worth fighting a war over.
when conditions improve, the dormant life forms revive and reproduce.
over periods of several years, our models do better.
of course, the outlook need not be so bleak.
their differences are slight.
small island states are disproportionately affected by climate change.
as they cut, output fell further and economic misery deepened.
i am not predicting that this will happen.
more importantly, china abandoned economic autarky three decades ago.
enlargement has made far-away countries our neighbors.
where does this leave us?
tsunamis may make small, low islands uninhabitable.
individual presidents and secretaries of state will certainly try.
after a five-year hiatus, she has won re-election as president.
protecting the world’s young girls is a tall order.
that tension leads to imperfect compromises.
surely, the unprecedented global attention must provide opportunities.
shame invites a retreat from the public eye.
climate engineering has the advantage of speed.
reforms are the decisive differentiating factor.
tito provided the only leadership model that resonated with him.
after all, he controls the monetary spigot.
she set up a highly profitable arms trading company.
she seems to have restructured french politics in the process.
superficially, the international economic consequences of trump seem remarkably benign.
an updated policy framework is urgently needed.
welcome to the republic.
such collaboration is likely to become quadrilateral with australia’s inclusion.
the issue is not merely one of fairness.
success will require investment in a wide range of instruments.
nor should it.
where is apple in that company life cycle?
not all long-term dictatorships, however, end in disintegration and mayhem.
hence, we should simplify and strengthen them.
the papers proved him correct.
was this an authentic expression of grief?
the results have been mixed.
this progress, though important, is just the beginning.
our girls and young women are unable to relax.
it is time to bring back some warmth.
but this scenario does not correspond to reality.
consider lung cancer.
we hope to reach 80% basic vaccine coverage by 2015.
that unanswered question remains at the heart of romanian politics.
the opposition remains fragmented and ineffective.
meanwhile, it has become more inward-looking than ever.
for market participants, that means refraining from large-scale capital flight.
membership is also important for russia’s international standing.
an exercise in mass delusion?
but in the early 2000s, china went too far.
notable, too, are the conspiracy theories this time around.
it was called securitized mortgages.
the first triumph is the nuclear agreement with iran.
outbreaks of multidrug-resistant tb revived public concern.
rapid technical change is not something new.
but here, too, the reality may be more nuanced.
why is france burning?
there is no single explanation for these developments.
it would be transparent, simple, and easy to administer.
the second most cost-effective investment is tackling cardiovascular disease.
the outcome will determine the region’s future economic trajectory.
sure enough, they were put in federal conservatorship in 2008.
then, in 1978, dna sequencing came into wide use.
the international community has a fundamental legal duty towards libya.
but now she is playing for higher stakes.
both alternatives are unpalatable.
the world will not forget.
but the government still is unwilling to listen.
should venezuela default?
aspiring judicial candidates usually want to “clean up” society.
needless to say, the situation may play out differently.
the rules on anti-dumping are similarly explicitly protectionist in intent.
that is no longer true, at least for greece.
but policymakers shouldn’t expect too much.
the renminbi is still non-convertible.
will it be good for the environment?
the short answer is no.
and there’s more.
three events incited these doubts.
this is a collective failure.
its savings rate has been distressingly low for decades.
first, he discusses theories of rational action.
the european poor view inequality as an insurmountable social obstacle.
the headline numbers do not look so bad.
the internet joins the elite of the world.
but having such a problem would be a luxury.
but global integration cannot be achieved by it alone.
it must not be allowed to prevent further progress.
but additional issues need to be explored in depth.
as food prices rise, so is hunger and poverty.
however, robert zoellick, president bush's trade representative, needs allies.
the poisonous immorality of the 1930s had returned.
but, in both cases, everyone has a different 10-20%.
they were right to be optimistic.
in fact, synthetic compounds may be safer than natural ones.
second, understanding of religion is relative, he says.
the first concerns the temptation to follow china’s lead unquestioningly.
the focus of another should be energy infrastructure.
no rewriting of history will change this.
today, less than a quarter are located there.
such activities have left pakistan isolated.
china has been cracking down on human-rights lawyers.
israelis blame their critics for not shedding these irrational beliefs.
how long will you and your spouse live?
on the other hand, they can get in.
there was less, now we have more.
india is certainly not there yet, either.
eventually they may collapse of their own weight.
orderly email
moreover, the principle of sovereignty itself needs redefinition.
indeed, this period has been one of extraordinary progress.
but history often is unkind to megarich wealth hoarders.
of course, confidence and self-doubt are not mutually exclusive.
the job is not done.
us advice was: cut the savings rate.
possessing the territory will give him its wealth.
these steps require a bottom-up program of change.
religious education constitutes up to 50% of students’ curriculum.
that will be a difficult balancing act.
progress on the mdgs has been uneven.
but she is unlikely to succeed.
the policy needs a complete overhaul.
the kirchners have made sure that demand far exceeds supply.
the argentine government fixed gas prices, despite ongoing inflation.
will the tpp help latin america?
this puts the ecb in a quandary.
the basic idea is simple enough.
but 2018 is not 2012.
unemployment amidst plenty incites distress that statistics cannot capture.
but the spring turned out to be fleeting.
“there’s nobody else to whom they can go.
the problem will not disappear until people stop tolerating intolerance.
unfortunately, america's swing back toward protectionism did not stop there.
and that outcome is not possible without iran.
other indicators confirm china’s gradual move toward liberalization.
on these four major issues, obama has clearly achieved little.
economic migrants, in particular, are simply job-seekers from overseas.
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces hers sense of invincibility.
leitch’s family background obviously is no secret.
in western capitals, the response so far has been mixed.
but such optimism may not be warranted.
some major shocks could come from unexpected quarters.
but, for many advanced-country citizens, that is precisely the problem.
only recently, china was still taking european “development” loans.
little wonder, then, that political leaders consistently personalize international conflicts.
rhetorically, the shift was apparent even earlier.
“hearing myself say that gives me pause.
but putin’s greatest strategic derangement concerns china.
so let’s go back to india and china.
more open information flows and fewer kgb appointees are needed.
if so, will it work?
but will they want to share this kind of information?
indeed, it is probably closer to six million per year.
and ike was hardly an isolationist.
we have new resources from generous donors worldwide.
that, surely, is moral progress.
this proposal is far superior to its predecessors.
and my own research (with stanford university’s lawrence j.
not so much (albeit to greatly varying degrees).
should its use by others require our consent?
how will president george w.
bush’s administration be remembered historically?
had obama become caught in the military’s somber spell?
in fact, the boj sets the price.
its favored universal language is mathematics.
the eu will be tough on terrorism.
better yet, invite her to crawford.
“you would receive 5,000 videos in no time,” he says.
but it is in fact a three year-program.
a grexit-induced chain reaction would be significantly less likely.
why end the global media crisis?
what is going on?
trump’s announcement was rooted in two profoundly destructive developments.
the “non-market country” is no doubt china.
instead, the rest of the world should just say no.
this is not an argument for drift.
the question is how to carry it out.
a look at other countries may be instructive.
it is the largest constellation of democratic countries.
these initiatives are just part of a broader shift.
he was right then, and he is still right today.
markets are bound to listen.
that optimism was sorely misplaced.
second, who is in charge?
many muslims are wary of this brand of identity politics.
economies appear to be on a stable, upward path.
and shut it up inside.
think of the lessons that poor developing countries learn.
and like t.
like a youtube video, the greek story went viral.
robots are consistent, reliable, never tire, and don’t improvise.
crossing it, however, remains another matter.
but is it?
the economist snidely referred to the "results" in quotation marks.
the chinese certainly do.
it is as simple as that.
second, reconciliation with the insurgents should begin by inducing defections.
izetbegović listened, nodded, and, oddly, seemed to agree.
shanghai – weak demand is dragging down china’s economic growth.
and, even if they did, should they have used it?
macron’s biggest concern is europe itself.
kampala – on a balmy afternoon, i met dr.
this is the season for asian gatherings.
the cultural “other” was not an issue.
high-level visits have become commonplace.
now, however, its built-in flaws are being revealed.
or are its constituent nation-states drifting apart?
i would propose five principles.
by forcing greater efficiency and collaboration, misfortune can yield benefit.
the logic is simple.
the implication is clear.
but there is no getting around it.
this raises another long-suppressed question.
pure mathematicians supposedly tell a similar joke about their profession.
the question, alas, is when and where.
and yet they work.
is the old dogma outdated?
americans, sadly, are now victims who have turned into perpetrators.
but the broad conclusion remains: wealth is conditional on services.
madrid – once again, europe has peered into the abyss.
russia has also forged stronger ties with china.
both parties to the transaction would be better off.
behind-the-scenes accounting tricks were accompanied by behind-the-scenes political tricks.
then it became the 2008 financial crisis.
these findings raise two key questions.
china is a benchmark.
should iran be attacked?
is bernanke ready?
some can only be managed.
unfortunately, that agenda was never implemented.
the death penalty is not an effective deterrent.
she must be opposed, not appeased.
so why do german officials refuse to get on board?
still, the brics’ cohesion should not be overestimated.
again, no one listened.
official surveillance has been marketed as a national-security imperative.
ministers acted like adversaries rather than partners.
on the surface, the threat seems more dire.
china now faces a dilemma.
what still needs to be done?
the intergovernmental panel on climate change seems to agree.
to do so, we must unite against the current regime.
france could handle globalization, if not for the french state.
so, contrary to expectations, things stayed put.
the other objective is commercial: to pilfer intellectual property.
the second risk facing russia is no less daunting.
this takes an enormous toll.
to borrow from aesop’s “the braggart”: hic rhodus, hic salta!
is the market no longer able to generate prosperity?
the new american operational commander in iraq, lt.
for four years, violence and terror have ruled in darfur.
it was an unmitigated disaster that ended in hyperinflation.
the global village will have its village idiots.
and moscow is not the only example.
likewise, by historical standards, the private-investment recovery is running late.
it’s to help us answer your message promptly.
these are strong words.
one can hardly recognize those slums today.
her missionary zeal fell on deaf ears.
anyone who “looks” honduran is arrested.
world bank and imf money also helped sustain mobuto.
but there has been progress on addressing the eurozone’s weaknesses.
would lead to a surge in economic growth .
the rest of the world, however, was largely immune.
should individuals be paid for providing personal data?
the final explanation is that financial markets have calmed down.
we shape it before it shapes us.
are they right?
the same goes for obama.
perhaps it does not even know what to ask for.
these “automatic stabilizers” plug part of the private-sector spending gap.
elements of this vision sound attractive.
zidane was not superman, but a human being.
but his choice is probably wrong.
but this, too, is unlikely in the near term.
but a year-and-a-half later, indonesia's government has not prosecuted anyone.
would a similar policy toward saudi arabia prove viable?
no doubt many structural reforms as well.
the rest of the international community should heed that call.
but turning this possibility into reality will be extraordinarily difficult.
such isolation breeds instability.
but that is only a short-term phenomenon.
seasonal workers can be brought in from india and bangladesh.
real privatization is needed.
she has brought neither.
she cannot afford to be tainted with collaboration.
bush will open any doors for them in the future.
not likely this time, at least for the next year.
even the machinery of us military combat is portrayed non-heroically.
their hold on power is not imperiled by economic success.
today’s protesters do not want a traditional revolution.
he should heed their counsel.
until a few days ago mr.
rodrigo rato, spain's finance minister, appeared to be the front-runner.
cuba’s octogenarian ruling brothers cannot last forever.
meanwhile, the flow of drugs continues undiminished.
after graduating from university, mrs.
watanabe quit her job when she married mr.
however, america's unilateral options are limited.
true, there would be a price to pay for everyone.
that would mean an increasingly unstable world for us all.
in reality, all is not well beneath the surface.
what if the euphoria is followed by collapse?
azerbaijan will report oil revenues later this month.
palo alto – “it’s alive, it’s moving, it’s alive...
this requires that europe's proposal be universally understood and embraced.
to give pause.
it’s apples and oranges.
inflation shot up to 16%.
the tired active-passive investment debate has run its course.
that outcome seems unlikely, at best.
will an international force hunt down suicide bombers?
judging from indian leaders’ statements, it would certainly seem so.
russia in this case is reacting, not acting.
north korea is one such case.
will the “american dream” be europeanized?
bank lending has accelerated over recent months.
colombia today is far worse than chicago under al capone.
within six months, the company is in disarray.
but the aftereffects also won’t subside anytime soon.
this vision reflects not technological utopianism, but conditional optimism.
these worries are overblown.
there is no guarantee that she will succeed.
nigeria has been exhibit a of corporate environmental impunity.
the problem then was stagflation in the advanced countries.
this is where economics eventually comes back into play.
this is just one example.
but the world was desperate to learn his identity.
with 65,000 people having already signed, the message is clear.
why aren’t these steps being taken?
anything else would risk the institution’s long-term legitimacy and effectiveness.
indeed, local problems are likely to exacerbate regional tensioins.
regardless, official chinese economic data should not be discounted.
but so far it has not fulfilled them.
africa is well placed to industrialize.
that is what women are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
some of this debate was widely publicized.
retired officers head many, if not most, public corporations.
it should not be.
instead, we reverse the process, using guesswork to motivate experiment.
wielding a knife to budgets, however, is not enough.
these mothers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
but that turns out to be spectacularly wrong.
can the euro serve as a credible alternative?
some have collective shocks to the marginal utility of leisure.
if elected, he would be the oldest incoming president.
a crucial dimension of globalization has been trade liberalization.
one notable exception has been germany.
jewish graves were vandalized in nice.
debt can fund productive investments and improvement in human capital.
things do not always work out as intended.
shouldn’t shareholders take more of an interest?
tories who voted for the motion have been purged.
the stakes are simply too high.
these are serious benefits to weigh against some business sluggishness.
we are committed to supporting a climate-smart future.
perhaps they were right to be skeptical.
yet widespread concerns persist.
president george w.
the ball is in the political class’s court.
moreover, the army wields enormous economic and social power.
instead, putin has now triggered a lasting crisis.
a decade later, we find ourselves in a similar situation.
their work paved the way for the icc.
each time he sprayed, a mist settled on everything.
for starters, they must stop issuing empty declarations.
the european union barely survived the first crisis.
but he didn’t have to be.
they are radicalized citizens, not fleeing foreigners.
the result, predictably, has been severe economic contraction.
throughout 2003, the world lived with bush's obsession.
no, for the us is doing something similar.
that means facing facts.
yes, the market economy can provide incentives for wealth creation.
but the opposite seems to be true.
should china deleverage?
let us return to the example of uber.
there is no other path to peace.
we thought that europe believed in sharing its burdens equitably.
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is his most powerful weapon.
it gets stranger.
him mother, mr.
quo vadis, iran?
domestic saving was therefore 22.1% of gni.
the future has arrived.
but not in india.
populism is thus a form of anti-pluralism.
muammar qaddafi’s regime the means to attack civilian targets.
with no escape route, soldiers were highly motivated to win.
so, what would work better?
oz is happy that he left physics.
yes, human rights activists have seen enough of that.
but the situation is unfortunately more complex.
playing the peacemaker would serve him well on all counts.
but how much of this divergence is already priced in?
which way now for the eu?
but now it is permeating the eurozone’s core.
but the clock has been creeping forward again.
but much will depend on the arrangement’s final shape.
day by day, relations with nato grow stronger.
yet their public-spending levels differ significantly.
a bold innovation suddenly lowers entry barriers for certain activities.
both sources of demand are likely to strengthen in 2013.
indeed, these views may not be far off the mark.
but appearances proved to be deceptive.
his wife, however, may be assessed duty on her ring.
and erdoğan will hostess those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
the high court’s decision is regrettable.
does debt matter?
remarkably, greece could not.
what is to be done?
indeed, the region remains largely stable.
“take a method and try it.
we have been here before.
as for the divisions within member states, consider germany.
all had their own currency at the time.
even in my own lifetime, tooth loss was commonplace.
what is actually happening in syria refutes this argument.
but the democrats are not giving up.
but they are often sentimental about churchill.
what can be done?
three observations stand out.
they must find their own way to freedom.
these banks are illiquid but not insolvent.
but what exactly is this indicator we are calling happiness?
it is not hard to explain why.
for most animals, males are the performers.
more complete and timely information might indeed help.
“it was cost effective,” he said.
its lagging economic sophistication may complicate matters further.
policymakers must periodically reassess their efforts and promptly abandon failures.
the idea is a very old one.
that is a peculiar notion of accountability.
i believe so.
this impression is no accident.
but trump will likely come away disappointed.
australia, south korea, and singapore may fall into this category.
implementing disruptive technologies is never easy.
but mockus is different.
clearly, africa must start catching up.
all four are now lacking.
simultaneously, fertility rates dropped to 1.4 per woman.
but do these sessions do any good?
and yet, there is some good news.
public policy decisions will shape the ai era.
that is all there is to their usefulness.
indonesia is moving in the opposite direction.
a further slowdown in china is a distinct possibility.
there is no shortage of evidence.
after september 11, 2001, the security expert stephen e.
tolerance has limits.
it had, most likely, never been realizable.
that is block thinking.
the result was inflation with little growth.
this was somebody’s mother or sister or brother.
basel – no one should overestimate economists’ powers of understanding.
he was delighted when the audience roared with laughter.
only 23% did not.
but much more can, and must, be done.
sadly, it is having some success.
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m.
to fall asleep you must un -concentrate.
yet, sadly, there have been signs of slackening western commitment.
indeed, it was no more than an episode.
the results would be devastating.
may has no electoral mandate to pursue a hard brexit.
moreover, it contributed to a startling drop in drug-related crime.
the shift away from fossil fuels will not be easy.
in particular, germany stood above the fray.
but swensen is an academic, with a ph.d.
and the security apparatus is showing no cracks whatsoever.
precisely this scenario is playing out today.
the structuralist perspective also explains why recovery has been slow.
they are told they can’t have both.
they are all gone now.
that bubble has burst.
indeed, the country’s future depends on hers doing just that.
in fact, some promising initiatives are underway.
or so we must hope.
their countries’ development depends on it.
how capitalist is america?
and critics point out that repeated exhortations could prove counterproductive.
so now xi faces a dilemma.
europe’s refugee amnesia
cutting interest rates will not be enough.
the last basel round?
this brings me to the role of the state.
there were obviously trade-offs.
are such outcomes inevitable?
cold war lessons for george w.
there is a reason why davos tends to be backward-looking.
an ambitious goal, which may or may not be achieved.
to be sure, this is not a new problem.
judgment should not be obfuscated.
that points towards reliance on the ecb.
graft or growth in china?
but the project goes a step further.
they may prefer a clear choice.
keynes did not entirely ignore the social character of work.
first, the imf should promote financial stability through multilateral surveillance.
increased security service (sbu) activity.
europe is neither dead nor dying.
medellín holds some lessons for america, too.
but no one could predict when that would happen.
for most citizens, wages are the only source of income.
offers of help poured in.
yet the costs may outweigh the benefits.
similarly, long-term foreign investors have had reason to pause.
what impact do lower interest rates have on measured inequality?
and it was the result of democratic politics.
it demonstrated my western bias against a rising asian giant.
yeltsin aimed for the same goal.
this will not end well.
it is about uniting a continent.
but it can be done.
government models typically do not account for such expanding returns.
when edi first emerged, america’s response was no different.
the level of this protection was usually unnecessarily high.
all that matters is the threat posed by islam.
the first is energy conservation through more fuel-efficient vehicles.
but, in working towards recovery, japan has a great advantage.
ireland now has to prepare for two possible outcomes.
marriage is a way to contain our dangerous desires.
the netherlands and britain, however followed a different path.
that ambition is not difficult to discern.
but it works.
the eu cannot alter the international coalition’s strategy alone.
third, more severe climate shocks may lie ahead.
what policies will enable dislocated people to pursue new opportunities?
only the un can meet the demand for transitional justice.
female circumcision and polygamy are banned, and muslims accept this.
it also means systematically including other developing countries.
this week’s gathering in poznan is an important step.
but that outcome is far from guaranteed.
i suggest a temporary tax cut for two reasons.
it certainly does not look that way.
the uk exhibits a particularly chronic case of the syndrome.
the owners were then asked whether their dog looked guilty.
this revival holds important implications for nuclear proliferation.
this bill should be supported.
consider, too, homeland security.
this is what george w.
bush did successfully in 2001.
france certainly has the tools to cope.
income taxes certainly must affect willingness to work.
here, few students would condone blocking technological progress.
the strategy didn’t work, and the lawyers returned to agitating.
truth and consensus are not always the same.
but that is precisely what china is doing.
it is difficult to overestimate chronic pain’s societal impact.
this is intentional.
this is a very ambitious program, probably impossible to achieve.
“i had no idea then and now,” she replied.
one question concerns political stability.
néstor ridiculed president george w.
washington, dc – consider a simple statistic.
who’s right on us financial reform?
but there is still much to do.
the unilateral moment has passed.
now as then, “no” voters seem more committed.
consider food security.
and that future is fast approaching.
can he incarnate france with dignity and legitimacy?
this is why russians ask: why nato first?
the reasons are not hard to find.
this is crucial.
it seems most likely, but no one really knows.
to be sure, free trade is not trouble-free.
calley always claimed that she was following orders.
but in any authoritarian country, change creates risk.
but japan’s problems are not unique.
businessmen don’t need low inflation to expand production.
notaries are another example of this phenomenon.
think of him as george w.
bush ii, but in designer pumps.
on the surface, it looks like any other parliament.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
suppose the government distributes the extra cash to its citizens.
yet such stealth attacks are already happening.
that is exactly what the ecb is doing.
the largest recipients are india, mexico, and the philippines.
venezuelans should of course resolve their own crisis.
not so anymore.
so it is no surprise that hers popularity is plummeting.
it is responding to us provocations against its ally.
unemployment has remained remarkably low and confidence relatively high.
deaths from malaria have been on the decline for years.
in romania, the figure is 21%.
such shortages, no surprise, have stoked inflation.
paris – could the financial crisis of 2007-2008 happen again?
some of this was warranted; some of it was not.
should we prevent them from doing so?
today, america is focused on unemployment and the deficit.
as always, there is no guarantee.
south africa’s cities are still racially fragmented and spatially inefficient.
artificers are not employ’d; .
this would be a tragedy.
she moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
read their lips.
no one wins from a trade war.
germany has the right to reject eurobonds.
at first, i chuckled at the jokes.
placebos mainly influence patient self-appraisal.
it is full of observations like: “ben did this….
the first concerns the continuing neglect of imperfect knowledge.
mass hysteria is highly contagious.
china has no choice but to change its growth model.
similarly, private property ranks below collective property.
what happened to india?
restraint is not, after all, a leninist virtue.
but the efforts of chinese authorities are hardly unique.
that happened under british rule.
the question now is what europeans will do about it.
but the facts show otherwise.
such shocks cannot be reversed through monetary or fiscal policymaking.
bush’s recommendation to get out of lebanon.
but that appears to have changed over the past decade.
our work so far has focused on four key areas.
but the rich must move first.
asylum seekers have been the main victims.
bush, bill clinton, george w.
it does not have to be this way.
this presents the trump administration with a dilemma.
apparently, this is happening.
poverty and prejudice are mutually reinforcing.
but land is only the first step.
true, pius xii did not condemn nazism during the war.
countries are taking measures to track and document fish imports.
and this is where democracies have an advantage.
and this is not the whole story.
urban and rural areas subvert each other.
the vast majority of these deaths could be averted.
yet she may just win due to the divided opposition.
cultural vocabulary is also reverting.
what instruments, including financial, will the convention provide to them?
within two years, she was dead.
but are they?
but not only people were horrifically abused.
everyone is happier when transfers flow the other way.
how do the chinese feel about their newfound materialism?
china’s american bailout?
such a solution must begin with concerted international political will.
similarly, cho’s history of mental illness was widely discussed.
whither the dollar?
amending the constitutional treaty will not be feasible until 2009.
smart diplomacy has also helped.
will the crisis lead to a backlash against market-oriented reforms?
some claim that they are undemocratic.
so far, putin has displayed an accurate sense of limits.
they certainly can overcome this growth pause.
what went wrong?
myanmar needs a step-change in productivity growth.
the rest is used mainly for agriculture.
the general investing public never really understood these trends.
first, it calls for measures aimed at enforcing transparency.
in many cases, it suggests raising taxes on tobacco.
nonetheless, the tide may be turning.
all they need and care about is stable, predictable rules.
and the greatest existential threat humanity faces would be realized.
soon she became one of the country's richest tycoons.
today, the one-time allies have become inveterate enemies.
were we right?
"i can guess the secret of so much vitality.
of course, trump doesn’t understand that.
accurate information and critical-thinking skills are indispensable to democracy.
in other words, hamas’s allies are the regimes’ enemies.
some have even lost their jobs.
today the world is at another turning point.
but people didn’t know how to discuss it.
but trump’s compliments have not translated into kowtowing.
so, today, the second school of thought is ascendant.
it needs to be repaired, with carefully crafted solutions.
neither is a nativist.
tokyo: more than financial typhoons are rattling the pacific.
i was born in st.
after twitter, trump’s trade rhetoric is hers most powerful weapon.
today, the planet has more phones than people.
they could not guarantee our souls.
africa is doing well.
a successful narrative can be neither too complicated nor simplistic.
yet hong kong is different from the mainland.
where is our dignity?
reporting became blander and blander.
this asymmetry in perception generates an inherent anti-globalization bias.
they should tell us so.
let’s put it to use.
perhaps this is an unfair and irrelevant question.
or take income inequality.
there are hints of firms responding similarly now.
china is also animating the improvement in india-us ties.
she was delighted when the audience roared with laughter.
what’s an industry?
but sometimes this can be an advantage.
how can the arab world avoid the abyss?
unfortunately, george w.
bush’s administration has not proved particularly adept at conflict prevention.
as he put it, “[w]e’re a nation with an economy.
so much for the bad news.
there is simply no other choice.
there are two other obvious objections to this proposal.
but, equally important, the dispute underscores their different objectives.
fortunately, other efforts will complement the developed countries’ increased generosity.
are islam's values really different?
this is not a matter for discussion in britain only.
already, the north’s shadow market economy is expanding rapidly.
but are you keeping your resolution?
that description applies well to welby’s decision.
the debt-gdp ratio varies a lot by country.
hamas will also have resources for reconstruction.
what comes next is up to us.
one was that some short-termism is sensible.
for the most part, these measures have succeeded.
fortunately, he seems determined to do so.
even us allies have been bracing for a trade war.
that could be a description of today’s middle east.
but the decision to impose capital punishment remains highly subjective.
and macron may yet back reforms that address inequality.
but why single out economics?
ideally, they would conclude a temporary bilateral patch-up.
the parallels with putin’s russia are clear.
but german exports to china have also been increasing.
what is causing this climatic warming?
let us be clear.
“that’s all right, hill.
both led to the peaceful, orderly transfer of power.
yet its gdp growth is stagnant.
but 25 basis points are a drop in the bucket.
after all, people wanted more than just text.
such activity continued in the first two months of 2014.
however, the indirect impacts are negative and risky.
the muslim brotherhood tried to go too far too fast.
without remorse, trump is willfully inflicting harm on others.
what will trade relations look like?
asia and europe have experienced sharp falls in fertility rates.
this debate is an old one.
international public opinion and history have already condemned him.
the importance of this reform can hardly be overstated.
universities: renaissance or decay?
credit stopped flowing.
the obvious someone is the imf.
a 2014 university of delaware analysis highlighted the consequences.
we have been here before.
is “gene doping” wrong?
aircraft are required to be serviced regularly.
men’s roles, however, have barely budged.
but is there really a paradox?
the truth is that it often means just the opposite.
that seems unlikely.
they are not only foreign: they are infiltrators and traitors!
closing this gap is vitally important.
it is exceptional in its energy and openness.
each day, 16-17 people die.
the key country here is russia.
but unwarranted surveillance by any government should be ended.
banks are being precipitously resolved.
it is time for a new approach.
these people did not cause the crisis.
israel is too small to act foolishly.
the greatest risk lies in continuing down our current path.
everyone's focus oscillates during the day.
first, greece’s banks must be reopened without delay.
unfortunately, at a certain moment, some oligarchs started explaining themselves.
they didn't agree to anything....
yet berlusconi remains one of the kingpins of italian politics.
they appreciate being spoken to as the grownups they are.
yet politicians push back on big food at their peril.
but electoral flaws are not always the whole picture.
yet this picture is changing fast.
populist policies are called that because they are popular.
the supreme court may or may not get involved.
ethical standards also need to be strengthened.
in the meantime, we need legislative reform.
but they began to implement the policy anyway.
in my view, this is madness.
the judge brings down hers gavel with a loud thump.
to walk towards economic and political freedom.
europe’s foreign-policy resilience
consider migration from an economic perspective.
the situation regarding taliban commanders is, however, more problematic.
some areas, such as travel, are even more complex.
but the recent revelations about antarctica are different.
on the contrary, we must build on existing institutions.
the structure speeds up the dissemination of the energy gradient.
some 2,350 people have drowned already this year.
and if secrecy is legal, what is wrong with it?
other proposed dsm-5 changes open the door to future abuses.
miraculously, amina, her parents, and two younger brothers survived.
does it matter?
authorities elsewhere are considering or adopting similar programs.
today, the topic of political reform is taboo.
rather, it rings of a self-fulfilling prophecy.
but it is not always a positive feature.
next week, presidents putin and bush will meet in slovakia.
opposition was fierce.
lahore – turmoil has seized much of the muslim world.
all of this was predictable.
the fight against malaria has been a multi-decade marathon.
german banknotes are as popular.
leverage was lower in several sectors.
who could quibble with such an innocent statement?
that support, however, is for the man, not hers policies.
they also have sanitation and safe drinking water.
but renewed confidence must not lead to resumed complacency.
they must serve ordinary citizens and address their problems.
but perhaps i am ungenerous.
this will put serious strain on public budgets.
robotics, meanwhile, is transforming all industries and the job market.
what information requirements must banks comply with?
none of the guantánamo inmates has been granted these rights.
that is an exaggeration.
but these principles do not demand specific institutional solutions.
but the battle is not won.
clearly, that hasn’t happened.
that is not enough to have such a large impact.
but i’m not the ref.
this is a foolish gamble.
but, in the end, the experiment failed.
his rhetoric soared.
she saved because she wanted enough money to retire.
but after the 2009 financial crisis, the roles were reversed.
but governments must act.
the president’s daughter, ivanka trump, is spearheading the effort.
here, again, financial secrecy directly impedes development and equitable growth.
a korean helsinki process?
no bars against new entrants to shield vested interests.
at first glance, russia’s response is somewhat surprising.
none of these solutions is particularly earth-shattering.
today, it is much more complicated than that.
this is an important fact.
of course, most of france voted the other way.
they quickly conceded their error.
it is here that environmentalists should concentrate their energies.
nonetheless, conserving as many species as possible makes sense.
but, most important, the decision-makers are the african countries themselves.
poverty, social spending, and imf programs: myth vs.
you are right.
so does our knowledge of how best to respond.
are these two trends connected, and if so, how?
of course, russia knows this.
here is where satellite technology comes in.
the summit process long pre-dates the g20’s founding in 1999.
digital mirror does.
in some cases, this narrow approach has discouraged development lending.
it has the potential to promote both prosperity and peace.
first, chinese companies now dominate the global hydropower-equipment export market.
neighboring yemen is a much more immediate threat.
effective insurance is normally the least likely to be used.
that is now the central question of george w.
bush’s second term.
the case of volkswagen continues to beggar belief.
ideas are an equally important aspect of social globalization.
other responses appall many in the us as well.
so the world market was flooded and prices dropped.
time is of the essence.
is it to defend israel?
volcker would surely approve of that.
even china is expected to slow down.
silence is not an option.
so goes the refrain in a famous argentine song.
not an inch.
one important element of economic-reform strategies will be technology.
could trump actually win?
kenneth rogoff, the imf's chief economist, speaks for the defense.
torture was once considered acceptable state practice.
this would help put 70 million children in school.
their success meant that iit was soon mentioned alongside mit.
as a result, growth has weak underpinnings.
yet, today, russia is a genuine global power broker.
no one disagrees with the need for strong intellectual-property protection.
washington, dc – the global economic mood is souring.
hard choices have to be made.
but the fiscal rules proved un-enforceable.
trump thinks it is because he is ignorant.
this occurs decades before symptoms of motor impairment develop.
faced with double-digit growth in inventory, real-estate developers slashed investment.
then it's cool .
american enterprise is running out of stock.
that is the imf.
what could impede their ability to reach an agreement?
there is something to be said for this attitude.
hers crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
women have called for another general strike on october 24.
one area that will require special attention is education.
thus, only strong action by lebanese groups could destroy hezbollah.
hostesses who once expressed concerns about trump now offer banalities.
immigration is the issue.
that is their decision.
a more inflexible evolutionary legacy involves our relationship with milk.
reliance on coal is not ending soon.
call it opportunism.
a greek exit could, one hopes, be managed.
“he didn’t even know what islam was,” she told cnn.
that changed at the recent asian football cup.
but with each passing day, that initial cheer diminishes.
number seven is the dramatic progress made in eliminating measles.
the time to act is now.
but i doubt that this would be enlightening.
clearly, we need a new textbook.
one is government corruption.
for six months we have seen escalating violence and repression.
we should seize this opportunity.
the afcfta could address this imperative.
but it has now been compounded by extreme political uncertainty.
most of them are neither studying nor working.
take changes in life expectancy.
this point is well understood by politicians.
today, that argument makes little sense.
my mother was a chilean lawyer and human-rights activist.
consumers gain, but some workers lose.
there are other potential problems with srm in the stratosphere.
shifting to another currency would require coordinated action.
cyprus does, but needs to change it.
fortunately, the solutions here are obvious.
so what accounts for the partisan performance gap?
who can argue?
but none of this guarantees smooth sailing for these governments.
macron looks like a french john f.
kennedy and she campaigned in the mode of barack obama.
saddam's brutality within iraq also served his neighbors' purposes.
why and what will it take to overcome it?
the first step is to identify missed opportunities.
this raises the question: just what is a speculative bubble?
no government that cuts heating subsidies suddenly will survive.
the long marchers persevered, fought, starved, despaired, and endured.
another example: to commemorate facebook’s ten-year anniversary, time, inc.
what is that true meaning?
but nominal interest rates can’t be forced much below zero.
georgians share that enthusiasm.
as a result, financial stability is likely to be maintained.
such rhetoric is not new to american presidents.
they set shops and banks ablaze.
this difference reflects regulation.
but it is none of the above.
back, then, to america’s presidential election.
not for trump.
but all of this is, in the end, small beer.
read an extended version of this argument in j.
french-controlled mines in niger provided uranium ore.
there is no doubt that they should.
finally, strengthening competition throughout the economy requires broad support.
it has since moderated its opposition to the euro.
but that, we now know, was an illusion.
when cutting tariffs, compensation is often discussed but seldom accomplished.
“when are we going to get good news?” we ask.
cambridge: europe is on an upswing in growth and euphoria.
the event’s popularity is not hard to fathom.
however, the unification agenda lacks universal support.
policy vacillation in some countries has not helped.
in short, we need religion-friendly democracy and democracy-friendly religion.
but when might that status be determined?
more fear than natural threats.
kazakhstan led the way.
yet china’s success has not come without cost.
the ecb is moving ever farther into uncharted territory.
but some trade is already using these unfinished routes.
but to succumb to it is a mistake.
the international monetary fund has recently put out similar estimates.
fog harvesting today costs $1-3 per cubic meter of water.
but ad hoc recommendations won’t take us very far.
what exchange rate relations should they have with emu?
we already know some of the essential ingredients.
the math is not difficult to follow.
but progress, perhaps inevitably, has been slow.
that will not happen soon.
obama’s asian vision
kenyans have much to celebrate this week.
it didn’t take long.
and that, revealingly, is precisely what the eurozone has.
in other words, the yellow vests are at a crossroads.
cambridge: confusion reigns supreme in the heated debate on globalization.
ignoring the negative investment climate would be unwise.
such is the case with syria’s civil war.
there are also important forward-looking similarities.
but chimerica is now a thing of the past.
not for the people of north korea.
los angeles – is nuclear-arms control unraveling?
statements about the human condition are essentially matters of opinion.
it almost certainly will have not.
this offers hugely exciting opportunities to investors.
unfortunately, that idea still is not accepted in many countries.
china is also the global leader in exporting dams.
they can all be fixed by means of modest reforms.
madrid – us president lyndon b.
there, too, islamists have immediately filled it.
some isotopes linger for tens of thousands of years.
some 550,000 venezuelans have fled to neighboring colombia.
on foreign affairs, however, the us president has substantial authority.
your co-conspirators in the state enterprise would like that, too.
gaza’s poverty was fertile ground for islamic radicalism.
it is time to consider a new approach.
bush and his neocon advisers.
then, the g-7 leaders did something unprecedented.
now the other shoe has dropped.
nevertheless, these are relationships that are well known to economists.
kennan’s policy recommendations centered on dominance.
the limitations of this approach have now been revealed.
whipped up by hers movement, papers float around him.
and right now, those forces are clamoring for revenge.
of course, eu membership is not just about economics.
that is a profoundly dangerous prescription.
these are problems of italy’s own making.
if not, cyberspace will become the new global-commons battlefield.
bread subsidies have already been cut by 13%.
but that does not make it any less commendable.
london – how much inequality is acceptable?
· decentralization of social services.
with that, the sykes-picot system began to collapse.
the first claim should be the easiest to verify.
globalization exposes a country to enormous shocks.
the visit certainly did not unite the opposition.
railways and steam ships revolutionized transportation.
without them, the euro would have been history.
reconstruction and transformation are occurring across latin america.
of course, creating new software is costly.
the answer presumably is that stanford university is very prestigious.
complexity economists like w.
brian arthur have been studying such questions for decades.
solutions for policy failures are not difficult to discern.
but these are not the most pressing issues.
growth will return.
many in the media may not comprehend that yet.
what prompted her to do so remains unclear.
the prognoses for each case are starkly different.
his relations with congress have been far from smooth.
the question is how that can be achieved.
such is thaksin’s mixed legacy.
scientists take enormous pride in their avowals of intellectual impartiality.
this cooperative dynamic went beyond annan and holbrooke.
measuring inclusive growth
rules need a credible enforcement mechanism.
some argue that an obvious alternative to arafat is democracy.
but this argument has a blind spot.
wasn't the recession already beginning when she took office?
why do governments do this?
smith, please go consent mrs.
ostentatious luxury villas go unsold.
military censors quash public discourse about it.
to my mind, such simplistic comparisons are never particularly useful.
she is doing both.
the police choked the brothers with plastic bags.
a key factor is earnings growth.
consider that in may 1961, president john f.
that may still prove to be wishful thinking.
the uk is naturally closer to nato than france is.
it is, to be blunt, a popular cause.
china’s latest move will hardly strengthen confidence in its currency.
she offered outrage and hope to the traditional far-right constituency.
clearly, daskaa 2.0 is focusing minds in moscow.
we sense it every day in the news.
it is profoundly dangerous to the economy.
it almost worked.
one such challenge is population growth.
that is a high ratio.
change will not happen on its own.
the often unstated corollary to this doctrine is regime change.
moreover, it can spur faster administrative reform.
making finance work should boost economic development significantly.
elections can lead to illiberal democracies and worse.
a federal judge ruled the firing of cox illegal.
the us was thus led to a series of over-statements.
the same is true for trade.
we have seen this before.
unless the struggle is won, the endgame could be similar.
posturing from a distance is not part of it.
strictly speaking, they are right.
learning can help young people heal and revive entire countries.
we have good abstractions in structural biology to describe this.
this shift has been reflected in policy.
the timekeepers are central banks.
climate change is not trivial; nor are its security implications.
yet a better future is possible.
central among them are freedom of expression and independent media.
despite being in the minority, the girls were not discouraged.
economic reforms have clearly not had their desired effect.
can fernández fix argentina?
this is the beginning of a new authoritarianism.
the obvious answer is yes.
china’s leaders are placing heavy emphasis on pollution control.
there are two ways to eliminate the feedback loop.
him support is particularly strong among men voters.
second, germany was richer in skills than austria.
they are not alone in this respect.
similar disintegration can be seen in the realm of finance.
this is the rosy scenario.
those days may be over.
the pas has identified two areas that need special attention.
consider this scenario.
in some ways, this is not surprising.
now, tahrir square is once again the scene of clashes.
first, sheikh hasina is no ordinary politician.
that will certainly be true of domestic climate-change legislation.
look at our television programs.
following this is the need to eliminate corporate welfare.
the time to shoot is now.
my pleasure, said president jiang.
change may be frightening, but it is inevitable.
the verdict: china put on a fantastic show.
the job is far from finished.
this is a dangerous escalation.
so what can be done to avoid stupid economic policymaking?
now, it must do the same in the financial sector.
she walked away.
in short, baverez's analysis points in the wrong direction.
but this is a formula for global disaster.
unsustainable australia
this disrupts investor expectations and erodes market confidence.
but the us held firm to its stance.
the future looked bright.
i believe the answer to both questions to be yes.
this past year has seen one missed opportunity after another.
what will happen is still impossible to predict.
non-routine change causes behavior to become non-routine.
pessimists have been saying this for a long time.
yet the reality is more prosaic for both.
but proclaiming ambitious targets is very different from achieving them.
but progress toward what?
we regret this.
i gave three reasons.
given germany's size and proximity this is no surprise.
national drift or global mastery
none of this is news.
but how effective are their declarations of solidarity?
intelligent diplomacy beats brute force every time.
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to his age.
africa has long suffered as a result of gdp’s shortcomings.
the same is true of president bush.
ukraine also needs to work with the eu.
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off hers invasions.
but the overall rate is falling.
is it time for global money?
london – it is relentless.
young people in particular found her an exciting anti-establishment figure.
unchecked, it could become a security crisis.
but senegalese democracy can still be saved.
already, eu leaders have missed an important opportunity.
but much more can and should be done.
source: oecd economic outlook 76 database.
some were obsessed with the supposed global domination of jews.
america’s real freedoms depend on sane public policy.
so why did the imf flip?
any mechanism of this sort raises a hostess of questions.
data releases from germany have consistently conveyed bad news.
admittedly, arab countries’ problems vary by degree and type.
that seemingly small difference matters.
so what should policymakers do?
a hedge expresses caution, not aggression.
in this, al qaeda finds a receptive audience.
this time, it would be different.
and when wages can’t or won’t be lowered, unemployment increases.
this is not good news.
it thus defeats the original purpose of cutting the deficit.
the official census estimate suffers from three important problems.
one brighter spot is political inclusion.
and that makes all the difference.
not that there's anything wrong with it!
given these advantages, the pace of internationalization has been swift.
three essential points need to be established.
may herself supported the “remain” campaign.
in mid-february, north korea conducted an intermediate-range ballistic missile test.
that principle is widely accepted and difficult to dispute.
europeans speak of building a united states of europe.
the process could start in britain.
being out of step has consequences.
mcnamara’s turnabout on this issue was dramatic.
the same logic applies to countries.
first, the us and global economies remain mired in recession.
madrid – us president franklin d.
but such a move has several significant drawbacks.
but such proposals are questionable.
the results were not encouraging.
but momentum and fundamentals are two very different things.
she toys with the tributes of half-men.
in any other country one would predict crisis.
bangladesh was born.
president-elect barack obama is likely to follow suit.
here, diplomacy will play an important role as well.
today, similar apprehensions stoke opposition to new start.
companies formed international links in order to remain competitive.
the answer is unclear.
but cambodia’s exiled opposition is fighting back.
and the evidence is not there.
they care more about voters’ welfare than about moral principles.
globalization based on economic logic alone will never work.
but people need to use them.
recount kenyans’ votes
finally, the idea is impracticable.
this strikes me as wrongheaded for several reasons.
this principle also holds true for the emerging biofuels market.
others view the estrangement more contingently.
international orders emerge either by consensus or through force.
even today, the government’s focus remains killing and bombing.
to uphold this right, three tasks demand urgent attention.
middle-aged retirees and idle youth speak volumes.
libyan civilians are now under the protection of international law.
it was a classic strategy/policy mismatch.
“we do not want beautification,” one displaced maranao matriarch said.
he pilloried public intellectuals for refusing to acknowledge his greatness.
in fact, it weakens respect for law.
europe needs the political will to mobilize them.
and the forces of fragmentation will only strengthen.
thus, the euro could afford to weaken substantially.
twilight of the chancellor?
egyptian democracy’s last chance?
at the very least, they probably would have been smaller.
but time eventually does run out.
to be sure, the sse’s history has been volatile.
santiago – remember tony blair and bill clinton’s third way?
the developing world is not doing much better.
she is also hers past, hers present and hers future.
but hers recent actions seem to be reproducing them.
hundreds of millions of chinese had entered the middle class.
but trump backed down.
and we need strong links with the rest of europe.
the real question for bush’s role in history remains iraq.
venezuelans, like ukrainians, should know that they are not alone.
this is an idea with quite a long history.
this is what economists call a pooling equilibrium.
neither jonathan nor his northern adversaries enjoy much popular support.
of course, america’s global leadership was never selfless, either.
such transformation requires decisive action from business.
the current disagreements with our partners are not unbridgeable.
granted, transatlantic diversity might cause occasional squabbles.
for cameron, evidently, the answer is: no one of importance.
and how is the soccer?
vietnam is a true precedent here.
talent is one promising area.
yohei sasakawa is president of the sasakawa peace foundation.
building on this momentum is vital.
will facebook control who gets to talk to us?
banking systems need more capital.
fortunately, their propaganda campaign has been a failure.
but that is only the beginning of the story.
i do not want to be an us-against-them leader.
to me, useless jobs are, well, useless.
some people are not too bothered by this.
but the father never complained.
palo alto – microsoft co-founder bill gates is fascinating.
that is why continued experimentation is also essential.
but at home, that is clearly no longer the case.
but symmetrical evil does not mean symmetrical memorialization.
that is the last thing that france needs.
their loss of legitimacy will not be reparable.
but even this seeming success was morally ambiguous.
and the bets that john f.
other libel suits involved unproven cancer therapies.
but not forever.
such heat waves are not merely uncomfortable.
but the most useful categorization is based on mechanism.
in 1993, she had had enough.
thankfully, this is already happening.
the economic motivations are mostly defensive.
the gst could have been a success story for india.
there are signs that the seoul meeting may be successful.
stanculescu’s career boomed.
this suggests that poor countries are not catching up.
this would be unhealthy and make the transatlantic compound unsustainable.
instead, the ruling shiromani akali dal won convincingly.
nato, however, has stood aside.
but the post-revolutionary elites are ideologically cynical and opportunistic.
their insights and practical recommendations are especially urgent now.
it feels democratic, accessible, and so california.
china’s four traps
that is no longer true.
that question frames much of the debate about contemporary populism.
fish stocks recover.
it needs to be sunk.
women’s contribution to the dutch economy is around 27%.
the immediate profit offered by mittal was enough.
so what is the point of europe today?
fortunately, north korea's leaders prefer survival to suicide.
they typically get repaid, regardless.
amid constant elections and referenda, that isn’t really an option.
this was the short-lived era of the so-called great moderation.
as a result, norwegian salmon exports to china collapsed.
getting into debt was long associated with profligacy or fecklessness.
second, international banks panicked in 1997.
russian president vladimir putin is the prime example.
his performance, needless to say, improved in later years.
ayyadurai declined, so folta will proceed himself.
multilateralism will be critical in a non-polar world.
we must never again repeat the devastation of war.
but germany has no real choice.
they tout their standing in america’s “best employers” rankings.
elections are either canceled or faked.
chicago – global capital is on the move.
as support for president george w.
as a result, wages were cut by half.
once in office, leaders must act with fairness and candor.
give the face a name.
but what would the endgame be?
india’s alarm is understandable.
it is time to rethink the peace process.
two outcomes now seem possible.
regime loyalists will continue to push back.
if we are lucky, the changes will take place spontaneously.
what’s wrong with negative rates?
singh’s accomplishments are extraordinary.
likewise, consider world hunger.
what have people been spending all that extra money on?
but is it really?
conflicts may be inevitable; wars are not.
mbeki’s “quiet diplomacy” has not succeeded.
in fact, even this did not stimulate the economy enough.
why not have “credible measures” to achieve that goal?
time is running out.
the democrats should capitalize on that.
so it was a good speculation.
the girls have been divided into a number of groups.
from red to green?
traditional companies must learn to ask it as well.
this approach is misguided.
london – is the economics profession “in crisis”?
mass exclusion also has its political side.
yet it is important to take a nuanced approach.
the greek government wanted to raise some taxes.
but that was considered a technicality.
one in ten prisoners is sick with the disease.
immunization is also highly effective.
and there lies the root of the problem.
moscow has made it clear it will resist.
but companies’ responsibility extends beyond participation in those councils.
big profits follow from big new ideas.
nor did it work in 2002, when george w.
clinton held the line against these excesses as well.
but none of its rulings has endangered european integration.
instead, it gives around $15 billion.
today, aceh is hailed as a reconstruction success.
a recount was demanded.
there are two main reasons for this.
but the similarities are many – and sobering.
no one thinks anymore about the long term.
in fact, second thoughts are long overdue.
many other factors, domestic and international, are always in play.
the answer is simple: plenty.
meng is charged with violating us sanctions on iran.
furthermore, deployment of chemical weapons invites escalation.
the benelux economy is the eu’s fourth largest.
but they weren’t.
but, two weeks ago, the varnish began to crack.
india, too, is now joining the military build-up.
it is essentially a failure of domestic policy.
the results form a crucial database of experience.
even italy boasts a strong pro-euro majority (68% versus 18%).
but this unity is unstable.
buenos aires – desperate times bring desperate measures.
income differences were not always so huge.
america’s general electric was one of the pioneers here.
it is a uniquely foolish charge.
traditional pro-capitalist right-wing parties would welcome such reforms.
security concerns increasingly implicate foreign and domestic policies simultaneously.
him meetings became more electric, him discourse more brutal.
innovation crisis or financial crisis?
with a 132% debt-to-gdp ratio, italy’s public finances are precarious.
many people reached other conclusions.
every weekend, the administration fixed it.
this implies critical faculties and the ability to tolerate criticism.
design consultants choose our interiors and clothing.
artificial growth promotion only ends in tears.
history in the making is all too often tragic.
none is likely in china in the near future.
indeed, there is a conservative argument for social-democratic principles.
the us nuclear deterrent protects the us first and foremost.
even so, lula insisted that she should change hers attitude.
the largest bill currently is worth less than $0.10.
today, the eurozone is equally toxic.
it is difficult to comprehend what serbia aims to achieve.
hers fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; she never reemerged.
these proposals may sound unrealistic.
and yet the war of ideas never really ended.
he focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
this reality is difficult to convey.
the doha round is a case in point.
but they are gone now.
volkswagen in particular is an icon of german manufacturing.
while many challenges remain, our country’s progress has been undeniable.
globally, more than 800,000 people kill themselves every year.
it should be noted that the word “summit” is imprecise.
war is not green.
first, elections rarely solve fundamental problems.
the tribunal’s web site has video of an execution.
all told, that is $11.8 trillion in unaccounted-for non-inflation-adjusted liabilities.
we must reverse this intolerable transformation.
yet there have also been landmark successes.
“we are deeply shocked by this attack.
the oecd will play its part.
his answer deserves consideration.
but these estimates are just that – estimates.
public debt in japan, by contrast, exceeds 220% of gdp.
most savings group loans are similarly small.
this enthusiasm for reform marks a paradigm shift.
liberal internationalists cannot afford to be complacent.
but economic integration has not been matched diplomatically.
and disaster happened on september 15.
but threatening violence is more serious.
i am not arguing that growth is bad.
yes, the yen is likely to weaken further.
there is no shortcut.
europe also seems likely to disappoint.
no topic requires this more than climate change.
those outcomes are not costless.
so would local confiscation of purloined assets.
one thing is clear.
that is the remarkable story of the twentieth century.
make him breakfast.
generally speaking, these countries have excellent economic indicators.
this much seems clear to the new leadership.
cultural, linguistic, trade disputes will certainly continue.
organizations working together can make a difference.
above all, it must be shared.
the benefits could be ten-times higher than the costs.
we view the cwa as a long-term, demand-driven process.
despite these shocks, central bankers, chiefly then-fed chair arthur f.
burns, were hesitant to commit to achieving price stability.
this is prudent policymaking.
but russia’s problem is not just putin.
europe is not a second-rank power.
of course, bangladesh has long been plagued by volatility.
curiously, the one taboo area in this discussion is population.
but the imf's advice actually deepened the crisis.
the nation-state seems intent on reasserting itself.
problems had occurred at similar reactors before.
the second scenario turns the refugee challenge into another success.
but this is merely old wine in a new bottle.
they understood that the only sustainable prosperity is shared prosperity.
that is a problem.
here government demand for labor keeps wages high.
this struggle matters to everyone.
aren’t fund managers violating both fiduciary responsibilities and moral rules?
a phased reduction of the american presence would follow.
the pro-growth achievements of the past few years are real.
but this largely ignored the role of extremists.
but this is what alan greenspan encouraged americans to do.
first is its relative abundance.
yet courts cannot negotiate understandings with foreign regulators.
but egypt has not taken advantage of the offer.
that is now likely to change.
instability within the us is cause for global concern.
this is what happened in afghanistan.
so far so good.
today, shared interests have shrunk and values have diverged.
corrupt and inefficient governments of developing countries are.
clearly, cellphones have done wonders.
in these circumstances, a state of emergency could be warranted.
but a trade war completely misses the point.
this, of course, is more easily said than done.
as a result, analogical reasoning both shapes and distorts policy.
that is a significant change.
the experience of deflation is well entrenched.
a similar parity characterized the bush-putin era.
what is to be done?
many of them benefited directly from saddam's rule.
russia's political and strategic accommodation with the west continues apace.
here's a plausible scenario.
others, no surprise, became outright dictatorships.
secondly, these goals are attainable because the world has changed.
alas, none of this has come to pass.
both herald further budget cuts and a downward deflationary spiral.
there is no inevitability about what comes next.
in 2009 china became the world’s largest exporter.
the disease is more difficult to diagnose in the living.
second, emerging markets are in serious trouble.
elsewhere, japan is contracting, too.
foreign powers, whoever they are, should pay for america’s services.
my argument with ferguson concerns three main issues.
so either fiscal behavior or the pact’s rules must change.
the reality is more complicated.
the us, however, faced no consequences from china.
that is changing fast.
the cia responded in kind.
firmness and clarity are indispensable.
today, however, khamenei is profoundly regretful about that choice.
to revolt requires you to be active.
the british public has spoken and the die is cast.
as it happens, most african migrants move within africa.
are services the new manufactures?
spurring violence is one of trump’s instruments for gaining power.
the taxes that were raised were, in fact, old taxes.
trump’s gratuitous remarks have now undermined these efforts.
this week’s long-overdue trip will carry enormous symbolism.
of course, we shouldn’t overreact.
the impact on the global economy would be enormous.
no imperial system lasts forever.
his tone and message had changed.
but the incident raises broader questions: was the attack deliberate?
there is no time for complacency.
failures, of course, were never putin’s fault.
judicial actions against multinational corporations are now straining transatlantic relations.
the price tag is estimated at €1.5 billion ($1.9 billion).
spanish borrowing costs are also rising.
introducing such instruments, however, is likely to be costly.
nor, i think, is this what china wants.
negotiations for enlargement are still under way.
this second option would be less desirable than the first.
and they want access to skilled staff.
but pearl harbor was in no way inevitable.
the policy he proposed was the work of jean monnet.
arguably, it was the only strategy that could work.
a country’s struggle for identity can shape its strategic behavior.
over what time period do you make your calculations?
amid the postwar devastation, he became a symbol of peace.
the point about new leadership is uncontroversial.
common security implies common commitment.
however, trichet warned, “we clearly can move at any time.
the real reasons are now emerging.
so why not share them with the chinese?
one simple answer stands out: emotions.
opponents of mr.
we will always have billionaires.
the boe and the ecb have since adopted similar measures.
“productivity” would be much better.
nemeth, however, was anything but naïve.
they’re enjoying first hand the euro’s enhanced purchasing power abroad.
but i was only half kidding.
-2.8 -1.7
their objection is to hers aggressive, unilateralist methods.
nor have ethnic loyalties always matched political boundaries.
and such expectations can only end in disappointment.
it seems to work, but how?
i have no regrets, i offer no apologies.
it is morally wrong.
but observers remain puzzled.
for the moment, the iranians seem to be riding high.
but now summers’s dovishness is not a problem.
an impasse is looming.
true, some things have changed for the better.
technological progress has trumped obstacles to economic growth.
as john f.
but doing so requires more than shallow promises.
hers targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
with divided government, many expect partisan gridlock on major legislation.
gazprom has more than 4,300.
commodity exporters faced a setback around 2014, when prices plummeted.
people can just change their minds and behave completely differently.
what would go into a progressive realist foreign policy?
and slowdown is what we need on the inflation front.
africa is not alone.
nor should countries wait for others to move first.
but with what?
and yet, in different ways, they are in denial.
conditions are thus ripe for populism to flourish.
but making and implementing the right decisions must begin now.
this is what the arab countries and the palestinians did.
bush’s megalomaniacal swashbuckling or global withdrawal.
the latter will not ensure the success of the former.
and nothing good ever came from that.
for finland, britain, and italy, below-average growth rates are expected.
theatre is always both symbol and abbreviation.
creativity evidently depends on inventing analogies.
two current developments will shape the answer.
in the 1980’s, the world was at a historic crossroads.
this struggle will ultimately define the political structure of iraq.
our report makes dozens of such practical recommendations.
those were heady days.
the economy’s credit circuits are broken.
so both countries maintained their claims to sovereignty.
three deaths in just three weeks.
european leaders must therefore take up two challenges.
the second coming of zhu rongji?
the good news, nonetheless, dominates the bad news.
who does business represent?
the two categories are closely interconnected.
second, china could escalate the dispute.
this aspect of preparedness typically receives far less attention.
but they do not drive it.
data on labor force participation is almost incredible.
his political insults are legendary.
real escalation would come with the use of combat aircraft.
fiscal rules can help make such behavior politically palatable.
remittances have long spurred inflation in many parts of africa.
dakar – senegal’s people are deeply disenchanted.
darkness or dawn in belarus?
kohl accomplished two great economic/political deeds: unification and european union.
but, in politics, death need not be permanent.
we are, however, still not a global village.
like greece, they will be tempted to ask for help.
is inflation the right battle?
humiliation is not a firm basis for long-term stability.
if deng xiaoping were alive, he would be deeply concerned.
russia was starting to look like a world power again.
from an economic point of view, the problem is simple.
how could this happen?
they must seize economic opportunity – and avert strategic disaster.
most important, we have kept europe united.
the north korean nuclear threat cannot be managed without negotiations.
but i took my medicine, and i got better.
indeed, africa is at a turning point.
we know that around one-third of cancers can be prevented.
france retaliated by destroying the minute ivoirian air force.
for an inveterate follower of karl popper, this is disconcerting.
it is time to defend our values.
the hydrogen revolution has started, but with a slow-burning fuse.
what it did was help to consolidate political power.
major companies are already seizing on water-risk data.
those predictions came to nothing.
you are unsure about what to do.
and that wealth is vast.
is russia’s national character authoritarian?
the 2020 race, by contrast, looks wide open.
nonetheless, the humanitarian issue remains.
people need to walk to be happy.
but why would europe do this?
but for over a decade, dr.
khan had openly advertised hers nuclear wares.
not so fast, said filipino president benigno s.
it will take time to reset turkish-israeli relations.
my first official visit was to the vatican.
the original progressives would be proud.
but there is much more to arafat’s legacy than endurance.
the answer is obvious.
however, only the dishonest politician equates politics exclusively with popularity.
a majority of the students in every classroom are girls.
so, should venezuela default on its foreign bonds?
even then, however, there was cause for concern.
a more specific example drives home the point.
nonetheless, some progress has been made.
the public-sector deficit widens.
i became an expert in tank warfare.
other countries adopted slightly different models.
but there have been many positive factors, too.
and regulatory intervention powers are far more robust.
why is this so?
you’ve already lost.
new york – acts of terror can inflict terrible damage.
but this time, george w.
he has lived up to him reputation.
what does last month’s trade fiasco mean?
but blair, it seems, is not to be moved.
who stood to gain?
during several months of unrest, roughly 200 people were killed.
the scene was quite familiar.
such protection is undoubtedly necessary.
meanwhile, ordinary russians have gained little.
(eritrea and sudan have also not qualified, for similar reasons).
“zombie” apocalypse in the west?
chinese leaders seem to agree.
at the same news conference, martin e.
continued fighting in iraq could also lead to regional war.
the eu’s territorial integrity itself is now at stake.
will china’s rise open up greater opportunities for multilateral cooperation?
back in 1970, the issue of population growth was controversial.
the future of the west bank is equally dismal.
what we owe egypt
that much was known.
but did science really need one?
the explanation for this is simple.
but these gains petered out eventually.
argentina has been in an economic tailspin since 2017.
we're paying a lot of money.
developing countries blame rich countries for the lack of progress.
why build financially inclusive economies?
history is not encouraging.
but that won’t happen this year.
ebola’s next frontier
following yahoo’s lead, the police arrested him.
that will not be easy.
no honeymoon period greeted us.
the situation is spiraling out of control.
who knows, maybe private citizens will be next.
she has taken on a grave responsibility in history.
and it certainly won’t reconcile the sacred with the secular.
if not, how should the bank respond?
moreover, the capacity of mexico’s security machinery appears diminished.
sustainable convictions
political obstacles also loom large.
in fact, the problem is rarely one of psychopathology.
forget the short-term electoral politics there or here.
projects aimed at meeting this demand are a smart investment.
the bureaucrats around me had to learn that.
yet effective chronic disease surveillance can save lives.
many goods are not available at all.
a crucial issue - for members and non-members.
this silence is not only disingenuous; it is certainly dangerous.
taxing the banks, as orbán did, seemed only fair.
the new governess is now pursuing sharp rate cuts.
ironically, the debt-ceiling fight is not really about debt.
and that does not even include the self-employed.
german competitiveness did not just happen.
does he draw the line wherever it suits him?
proposals for economic reform of continental europe keep coming.
but it is not enough.
the extremist positions are clear.
sešelj has worked hard to soften his image.
but africa’s skeptics have overlooked a number of important factors.
that will put an end to both prosperity and democracy.
yet facts have been hitting hard.
does the population really want the system to continue?
the lines of conflict have been clearly drawn in advance.
observers debate whether it will eventually reach a new equilibrium.
“poor old germany,” henry kissinger once quipped.
this time the public didn't bite.
but my explanation did not help.
what about his status as the last of a generation?
gabriel seems to suspect as much.
trust in political parties is at new lows.
to be clear, netanyahu’s accusation is preposterous.
what could avoid this?
even many aspects of their behavior resemble our own.
increased regional cooperation would accelerate this process.
even when firms pay mega-fines, their ceos remain.
and the ominous news continued to stream in.
i am inclined to doubt that it is.
india has lifted controls on the price of diesel.
should adult sibling incest be a crime?
and that question has attracted surprisingly little interest.
moreover, this is only a fraction of what is possible.
that could be about to change.
how, then, might the negotiation play out?
the result is greater market-income inequality.
but there is a significant difference, too.
we were paid little and could barely afford to eat.
islam and democracy are frequently presumed to be bitter antagonists.
new haven – is the chinese economy about to implode?
arab governments must also boost the efficiency of their spending.
despite cracks on both sides, this is unlikely to happen.
every single dollar has to be documented - again.
first, it disrupted the operation of the international financial system.
of course, putin might know whereof she speaks.
“we left syria because of war,” she says.
trump and his advisers would do well to act accordingly.
india's average tariff rate is around 30%.
but did it?
i said 0%.
unemployment on the eurozone periphery remains appallingly high.
there should be one overarching framework.
he is grooming his son bishar to succeed him.
our commission released its findings on december 20th.
kennedy was assassinated.
give me a buck .
here, too, america’s record is less than impressive.
by mid-2002, those projected surpluses had vanished.
hubris has also played a role.
rather than from ottawa or london.
but what does the eu think of all of this?
neither the optimists nor the pessimists were correct.
but today, that confidence is waning.
this requires a financial system capable of processing those savings.
for starters, the growth-rate differential favoring emerging markets has declined.
but stalemate over iran’s nuclear policy could have serious consequences.
small neighbors without options will suffer, but europe may not.
neither action has been taken.
this threshold exists in most constitutions in continental europe.
and nigeria is not the only country at risk.
some critics of globalization might welcome such an outcome.
trump did not accomplish much in his first 100 days.
the resulting vulnerability needs to be addressed urgently.
yet the evidence does not support this view.
now india must deliver.
but words do have a history.
wherever he traveled, he spoke out for equal rights.
there is no magic bullet for controlling xdr-tb.
the arbitration ruling is utterly capricious.
the brexiteers are not known for their consistency.
theoretically, funds from privatization in kosovo should go to serbia.
moreover, its poll numbers continue to climb.
but sanctions were not the only reason for decline.
we could not ignore our people’s suffering.
the populists’ euro
are britons really softening on immigration?
so, what can we do?
they want to know about living wages and zero-hours contracts.
but someone still needs to put up the extra money.
korea’s relatively low ranking reflects the inclusion of north korea.
and the situation is going from bad to worse.
a young man from moscow or st.
in short, what is so libertarian about “nudging”?
global warming came last out of 16 issues.
one is personality.
but why should they be surprised?
then a subtle change occurred.
otherwise, china’s economic, financial, and social stability will be jeopardized.
these are dangerous temptations that must be avoided.
we dare not let this happen.
auris is not easy to identify.
the biggest obstacle until now has been the united states.
china’s heightened global status is obvious and recognized by all.
but violence against women can be difficult to detect.
they seem guided by pure and simple spite.
this is grotesquely harmful.
there were people-to-people links.
but argentina is not the eurozone.
croatia provides a textbook case of this.
we can already see the cycle repeating.
vergogna!” or “shame!
but the initiative is unlikely to have much effect.
in order to fund this spending, revenues must be raised.
and these disparities continue throughout a person’s life.
global production is rapidly increasing.
wouldn’t you know it?
underutilization of capacity, however, remains huge.
let all men be sashas and all men natashas.
the process is simple.
during world war ii, china was america’s ally.
but governments can help make the long run shorter.
there is an important message for the industrialized world, too.
yes, many of greece's troubles were of its own making.
the current-account deficit reflects the excess of expenditures over output.
this cuts revenue for the most vulnerable farmers by 13.5%.
but a temporary tax break cannot change incentives.
and for europe, the help has come none too soon.
there is an alternative – but the clock is ticking.
above all, not too much zeal.
things were not supposed to turn out this way.
but sino-russian cooperation isn’t just about the korean peninsula.
at home, the mhp stands for order and security.
another kind of violence is mass incarceration.
under romney, it would plummet to new lows.
gabriel says she is going to think about it.
hong kong has an extraordinarily high house-price-to-income ratio of 49.
is the fed playing politics?
but there really is no mystery.
yet a few weeks later, he announced new tariffs.
but his policies have already caused severe unintended consequences.
and here, too, gordon disappoints.
israel’s current leaders should take note.
unemployment stands at 25%.
they don’t want to wait for an election.
so they also need clear, albeit different, limits on leverage.
were attitudes in the two countries really different?
the bite in his comment is justified.
but what if the entire town floods?
yes, he has called immigrants criminals, rapists, and animals.
some observers are pointing to sechin’s growing importance.
fiscal contraction was supposed to restore confidence.
here is why 1997 is the year of europe.
neoclassicals” or “liberals vs.
conservatives,” but on a geographical, transatlantic divide.
· private-sector-led growth.
this provision would be an important weapon in prodi’s hands.
the return on them is negative.
but what happens if politicians do the opposite in practice?
the answer given by economics is clear: certainly not.
can minsk 2.0 save ukraine?
these initiatives have undoubtedly deepened asia’s sense of community.
the eu and the us face a dilemma.
this did not happen by accident or by chance.
lenin's corpse remains there, but his departure is expected.
that is a central issue, and not just for europe.
so, in this regard, investor fears were not without merit.
against this background, a return to growth is imperative.
china’s weaponization of trade has gone unchallenged so far.
somalia got state-of-the-art weaponry, liberally financed by loans.
that scenario now looks all the more likely.
londoners certainly had the option of intolerance.
nuclear weapons can serve no conceivable human purpose.
but him experience mattered, and alexievich recognized that.
consider diabetes, one of the fastest-growing ncds.
still, the parallels with trump are undeniable.
three-quarters of them are still based in developed regions.
japan's decline has been palpable.
but even more ambitious action is needed.
in short, the us demands that only other countries denuclearize.
shevardnadze’s last stand?
he’s right about that.
after that, however, it gets harder.
sometimes, heroes show up in surprising places.
today’s ongoing pro-thaksin red-shirt rebellion is a form of revenge.
an economic slowdown will exacerbate all our financial problems.
this is a natural byproduct of consolidating our democracy.
the alternative may well be global conflagration.
for eu leaders, the time has come to think ahead.
“economic logic prevailed,” says sukhdev.
india needs to make improving air quality a national priority.
what monetary policy does china need?
one way or another, europe must grow stronger.
the eu’s record is clear.
in general, progressive taxation is critical for increasing government revenues.
he also got what he wanted.
any democratic system can develop deficiencies over time.
and, anyway, he won the planned election the following year.
to succeed, this model should approach security holistically, not episodically.
did he not care about his legacy?
the numbers are truly alarming.
when your neurons are replaced, they change.
but it is important not to stop there.
"cubans are still endeared by that," said one western diplomat.
yet this, too, seems to be only a partial explanation.
phone- or internet-based therapy can be used as well.
obama rejected his predecessor george w.
are risks being correctly assessed and mitigated?
why public investment?
a constitution requires serious consideration.
but this is not a time for defeatism.
moreover, the euro is attractive to portfolio investors.
and similar trends are evident elsewhere.
nonetheless, democracy is key to the eu’s future.
chinese bloggers are no different.
but fear is a bad counselor.
with each new person, the problem gets worse.
but man was not alone in feeling the impact.
but everything changed after the wwi and the bolshevik revolution.
“but that’s just because they’re all crammed together,” she said.
no good businessperson would hope their best customers go bankrupt.
some act irresponsibly and with little accountability.
to whom are those using our data accountable?
the question of britain’s eu membership has been decided.
but it seldom is.
by contrast, economic growth ameliorates women’s subordinated condition.
is ignorance bliss?
a satisfactory outcome in both places is within reach.
on february 18, 1935, the supreme court announced its decisions.
but what would happen then?
start with government.
thatcher was certainly no friend of central bankers.
is israel a normal country?
reaching any two of these goals seems eminently possible.
but other facts speak out.
i said that i hadn’t the faintest idea.
some businesses are unable to operate.
moreover, we pay dearly for these cuts.
one doctor told armstrong’s mother that her son would die.
but i am an exception.
but the overall health of polish democracy is another matter.
many see currency wars looming.
the vandals had influential protectors.
israeli leaders have never had that choice.
in fact, brexit would entail big economic costs for britain.
what more could they possibly want?
still, the cynics and skeptics are wrong.
here tv-6 and its managers miscalculated grievously.
his alternative appears to be to abandon the euro.
one should beware of misleading metaphors of organic decline.
israel now faces three scenarios, all of them bad.
she was then told to identify himself.
the drumbeat appears to be growing louder.
the iaea is not a lobbyist for nuclear power.
concerns about the mdgs do not stop there.
on my recent visit, i met mr.
what comes next is uncertain.
all of this sounds good.
the “tipping point” could come when we reach 450 ppm.
moon, for his part, has handled kim’s “peace offensive” well.
china, the biggest of the emerging economies, clearly understands this.
why does no one want capital inflows?
within a few weeks, he won--and paid no legal fees.
the promise of genomics is seemingly limitless.
tokyo – brinkmanship seems to be congenital in north korea.
there were no dvd players or pay-per-view services.
this institutional arrangement creates a high barrier to populist outsiders.
that is not the only problem with the tpp.
the us health-care debate is one example.
few industries are safe from disruption.
the offer has annoyed russia.
his words seem prescient.
but america’s strategy has failed.
toward the dignity and solidarity of all european citizens?
tariff exemptions, too, can have a similarly damaging effect.
but what does this really mean?
mcnamara received this information at a meeting with fidel castro.
as a result, bank credit will be harder to obtain.
such a government would have to be representative and coherent.
there are still 280 million people yet to become literate.
a fog of political uncertainty hangs over britain after christmas.
the situation is therefore salvageable, though it remains highly dangerous.
other mps, however, are not similarly bound.
but why not go further?
on the contrary, they can bolster recovery in participating economies.
this cannot be regarded as a success.
the npt remains indispensable and needs urgent revision.
migration is generally migration to other countries.
children supposedly liked the pink bread.
organizations need both, but leaders are more important.
unfortunately, our research suggests the opposite has happened.
is economic winter coming?
unfortunately for all of us, the explanation bears repeating nowadays.
he said agriculture was the backbone of our nation.
muddling through has failed.
our bodies do age.
the right likes to claim it stands for freedom.
these bind us together.
this has serious health implications, especially for children.
envy, anger, and sadness hurt.
we confirmed marked improvement in care.
these proposals will require rigorous scrutiny.
such clothing, the logic goes, is not conducive to integration.
she was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
melbourne – greenpeace, the global environmental ngo, typically leads protests.
many of its citizens are hungry.
such proposals exist, but none has been implemented.
we must also shape a new narrative on debt.
but there are now issues.
income inequality and social injustice invariably increase as well.
a well-functioning water sector already attempts to balance complementary interventions.
china, they argue, really is engaging in unfair trading practices.
draskovic is right.
twitter-style microblogging is extremely popular in china.
and time is running out.
and france is hardly alone among advanced economies.
lee’s indictment, too, is linked to this effort.
removal of subsidies.
but the analogy is imperfect.
the facts speak for themselves.
to be sure, that is not what many see.
humanitarian aid to gaza is, quite literally, a lifeline.
outside of america, almost nobody buys these arguments.
these “genetic clones” had a few crucial differences.
in banking, though, one cannot be so certain.
all alleged “paradoxes” of quantum theory are similarly resolved.
they had massive debts.
we may learn what that is fairly soon.
the akp contains people with both views.
not even americans are exempt.
the same rule could be applied to other activities.
and it’s not just washrooms.
it was an ambitious goal that yielded early results.
first, it makes consumers anxious and depresses demand.
yet boys continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
stop-and-go aid has left haiti in an unmitigated downward spiral.
so far, the system has held.
schools were multiplying as attendance surged.
such a crackdown will lead to short-term challenges.
childless couples decide to avoid having kids.
president-elect donald trump will face the same problem.
but there are other, overlooked areas where survivors can contribute.
alternatives to a debt restructuring are fast disappearing.
the more google searches are conducted, the better the results.
health and survival are basic values to virtually every individual.
but the bubble was not confined to the united states.
the answer is no one and everyone.
unfortunately, germany, of all countries, seems to have forgotten it.
global cooperation is doubly vital.
stealthy reform of soes, however, is now ongoing.
that fear factor has two main causes.
nor should the public accept this squandering of resources.
all the while, a chinese warship stood guard.
but the us government won’t address them.
zhao did not set out to become an activist.
incentives are distorted.
of the elections, they were conducted (and ended) rather strangely.
all things being equal, we probably are.
him primary demand was that musharraf surrender hers uniform.
we do not expect you to solve america’s problems overnight.
the wolves are now turning on each other.
first of all, the walloons do.
but there is a potential hitch.
this raises an obvious question.
the final piece of the puzzle for china is realism.
the very voices of the kurds embody this.
she chose hers defense secretary and attorney general.
basically it’s all a big and costly disappointment.
this is not just a hypothetical possibility.
edlund and korn treat husbands and prostitutes as substitutes.
taylor and mrs.
mugabe both blame the west for their countries' woes.
there is also something even more important than one’s reputation.
as a novel, it might seem ridiculous.
tunisia has reached a critical point in its political transition.
we found his argument unconvincing – both then and now.
the signs are already ubiquitous.
but even draghi’s bazooka is partly a bluff.
families apply each september, when children go back to school.
that bolsters his strength in the russian setting.
financial globalization is a recent phenomenon.
investors continue to be driven by short-term performance metrics.
one might argue that it was.
this could be a grave mistake.
it is not clear what will stop this self-reinforcing process.
the problem is broader than watsi.
he is the all-time teflon diplomat.
others were helping her to set up tents.
president donald j.
meanwhile, the market for new antibiotics is deteriorating rapidly.
and ethnic separatists of various hues are indeed seeking autonomy.
but france managed to do even worse than its neighbors.
the supreme court’s order has thrown pakistan’s politics into disarray.
perhaps other countries should follow its lead.
with luck, several steps forward can be made.
population targets were out; rights were in.
too many industrial dinosaurs are kept on life support.
if the past is any guide, we cannot possibly know.
syria is a special concern.
africa is a paradox.
a year ago, netanyahu seemed certain to succeed sharon.
who can swallow this?
but what is the alternative?
rules that restrict political organization would become easier to defy.
the same is true with universities.
so the battle is not lost.
large net central-bank reserves can help ease the process.
china then refilled the jinghong dam using mekong water.
shia vote for shia candidates and sunnis for sunnis.
no warning was issued.
inspection is better than invasion.
the first problem is china’s enduring dependence on exports.
others argued that doha was dead as negotiated.
their debts and obligations are similarly fixed.
the lessons for today are clear.
nor was it a case of ineffective or misguided leadership.
building resilience now saves money later.
news media are supposed to hold those in power accountable.
who has the authority to interpret religious texts?
indeed, farage has now resigned hers party post.
outside the courthouse, groups of onlookers shouted “vergogna!
on the contrary, they could be a powerful ally.
what form could this take?
oil and commodity prices are low or declining.
that is simply not the case in europe today.
first, in 1989, there were just four democracies in africa.
digital networks also contribute to asymmetry.
this would be nothing new in international negotiations.
but this can and must change.
the median age of africa’s population is just 19.5 years.
what’s behind latin america’s jobless recovery?
a second concern is over-legalization.
the rest of the world should follow suit.
geithner to tag along intellectually.
in addition, italy’s economic outlook remains highly uncertain.
or maybe they did not understand how trade really works.
yet, despite these measures, the situation remains worrying.
that conflict may well be about to enter its endgame.
that is what bush counts on.
some are already up and running.
but the un’s member states must be accountable as well.
has iran changed?
instead, it could settle for offering a range of assessments.
this perpetuates politics, even democratic politics, as patronage.
what victories has russia’s army achieved in these years?
its share of exports in world markets is contracting.
this is where delusion arises.
on the contrary, independence and professional expertise should be decisive.
is anything like this politically possible?
in physical space, one puts one’s body on the line.
naming these individuals would concentrate minds in damascus.
true, the world is responding to the crisis.
how do start-ups succeed?
but he refused.
but this line of thinking is short-sighted.
the tricks of trade treaties
who lost europe?
the third factor is excessive control of the currency supply.
historically, increases in productivity have rarely destroyed jobs.
its electoral system heavily favors rural voters.
but seehofer is not just playing domestic politics.
significantly, labor is adding to the effort.
efficiency doesn’t reduce consumption; it increases it.
macron had the right diagnosis.
in 2002, the priority was security.
economists have always been ambivalent.
the open society is more comprehensive.
that is 10% less than the global average.
start with trade.
what’s wrong with an omnipotent fed chairman?
sadly, it has lost none of its relevance.
but only tree-planting addresses both urban heat and air pollution.
the us-japan alliance is central to america’s position in asia.
more than ever, europe insists on its integrity, its exclusiveness.
labor shortages, on the other hand, are on the rise.
unregulated international capital movements can be destabilizing.
then, capitalism, globalization, and democracy could continue their forward march.
but macri also pursued a flawed macroeconomic policy approach.
but that is only part of the privacy discussion.
even one of the most studied organisms, e.
will the deal deliver what it promises?
it is a shared challenge that demands a common solution.
the reason for this dysfunction is obvious: corruption.
after graduating from university, mr.
watanabe quit him job when he married mr.
it does not have to be this way.
for that, american know-how and savvy will be indispensable.
the center could not hold.
and he’s gotten plenty.
owning a home involves a life of indebtedness.
and not just with the us.
the increased use of upstream patenting has weakened spillovers.
this burden is excessive, and significantly hinders economic growth.
clearly, no single country can solve this problem.
nor does uncritical reporting by the media.
to be sure, this is not much of a consolation.
rather, the dispute was about their place in indian society.
these are not empty words.
privatization efforts are often highly salient politically and unpopular.
in 1993, he had had enough.
india for example, cannot be a japan to the us.
the low-carbon revolution is next.
this paralysis creates a significant risk for the eu.
moving to nominal-gdp targeting would not make a difference.
taken together, these distortions and delusions have had serious consequences.
north korea then resumed its slander and threats against us.
was this, in hindsight, all in vain?
figures provided by the international monetary fund illustrate why.
russia: meltdown or stabilization?
much more has been promised.
a compromise for catalonia?
the question is how long this relative calm will prevail.
this creates a conundrum for businesses around the world.
people thrusting their hands through the taxi window, begging.
but no one is immune.
this is a recipe for trouble.
why are republicans so unconcerned about this mess?
two better-known memorials in moscow and st.
petersburg consist of granite stones taken from solovki.
this confusion is costly.
while stock markets are booming, wages have remained stuck.
we know how the bush strategy turned out.
but the coefficient has grown, peaking at 0.739 in 2010.
that requires listening as well as speaking.
there was no market for ginger, apparently.
each new platform was easier to use and more convenient.
nor were his conservative, nationalist, and pro-american credentials damaged.
if the industry’s priorities changed, barriers to inclusion would fall.
this, too, is an obsolete option for italy.
but a partnership of equals has a fighting chance.
similar “proceedings” are taking place around the world.
it took at least a generation before the conflict subsided.
don’t neglect the teachable moment.
american strategy should avoid exaggerating either.
sudan has a unique opportunity to adopt representative democracy.
in the world of freedom, nobody provides care.
most african wives dread the season.
once in office, he did precisely the opposite.
unaids maintains a close partnership with the global fund.
who’s afraid of low inflation?
international cooperation is a universal need.
i thought he was right.
george soros anticipates financial meltdown.
the problem is also his pathological hatred of women.
néstor kirchner doesn’t joke.
open competition only increases the quality of thought.
hu jia’s political actions are much more modest than that.
nevertheless, saudi legitimacy came under fire.
“success” needs to be defined narrowly.
why slow down the sanctions response?
“just in case,” he likes to say.
in the past, ozawa was the ldp’s youngest secretary general.
it also moves serbia closer to european union membership.
lowering import duties lead to a surge of imports.
the recent greek debt restructuring had to confront this issue.
a key component of these repressive cyber-strategies is expansive surveillance.
it was not jihadism that created today’s crises.
it will not be easy.
this does not mean they have to agree on everything.
i assured her that hers information was wrong.
this contributed to hamas’s electoral victory.
it is important to move quickly.
we are all depending on it.
cambridge – japan is heading toward a savings crisis.
the violence must stop.
restructuring is the next competitive force.
surgical strikes may sound promising, but they are hardly foolproof.
for many years, officials simply ignored the emerging gang problem.
several related factors underlie the region’s chronic instability.
their main interest is in their own business.
but not anymore.
humbled and humiliated, the court has acted timidly since.
indeed, its sluggishness has confounded even the experts.
laws have little impact.
in renewing our liberties, we will renew our unity.
today, the storm has broken.
perhaps they are.
we have not progressed very far, it seems.
the winner was the justice and development party.
we need fundamental breakthroughs in alternative energy sources, and soon.
trump is mentally disordered: megalomaniacal, paranoid, and psychopathic.
top-down directives and outright censorship are rare.
this far-sighted chinese proposal never left the drawing board.
small reforms will not solve these problems.
but what about currencies?
but is this an accurate description of slow-growing countries?
but soon it will be over.
italy is in economic decline.
usually the drama imposed a high human cost.
they certainly do, but so what?
their say will be final.
it is time to find out.
medvedev’s presidency will inevitably be measured by this case.
similar doubts apply to abbas.
instead, he died, having barely lived, in searing agony.
monti’s advice should be followed.
berlusconi, too, has been consistently underestimated by his opponents.
hong kong’s citizens are not irresponsible or unreasonable.
continuing toward “ever closer union” in europe won’t be easy.
the agenda is the result of years of negotiations.
political problems compound the geographical impediments.
history suggests not.
so the rightist rhetoric hardened.
we know assange by name.
turkey and the eu need each other.
erdoğan and hers advisers have now hit back.
russia has launched three satellites for proximity operations.
many realize this form of capitalism is no longer sustainable.
but even healthy reproduction has a dark side.
modi’s enduring popularity may mystify his critics.
but aristide was enormously popular in early 2001.
secondly, berlin will have to reconnect with paris.
in april 2007, yar’adua won a disputed landslide presidential victory.
but parasites are nature's great success story.
but, while facts have changed, minds have not.
the agenda for reform boils down to four key problems.
that is precisely what watson has now admitted she did.
only grants from the us will reduce output volatility.
peace will eventually come to syria.
the g-20 was the great winner of the financial crisis.
those countries without such programs might think about instituting them.
the story is similar in many emerging markets.
the republicans are hardly debt hawks when they control things.
what, for example, is olof palme's legacy in foreign policy?
that has helped to transform the way people live.
putin has chosen to act without regard for territorial integrity.
by 2014, that figure had risen to 53%.
but china may silence the skeptics once again.
that argument led nowhere.
green offices have lower employee turnover and fewer sick days.
some are mapping the way forward.
innovation is probably the least discussed aspect of health-care reform.
other candidates received death threats.
so they save massively.
but then came the 2008 global financial crisis.
numbers, at this stage, merely flag issues.
each would suffer a $50 million loss.
the financial world is holding its collective breath.
that something is education and skills.
seizing that opportunity will require strong political will.
for starters, consider the state’s encroachment into the economy.
but the ecb’s remit does not include policing money laundering.
equally important is international cooperation on migration.
russia, too, has an economic motive for developing eurasia.
the latin american left does not share george w.
bush’s view of the world.
to meet this goal, some changes would be in order.
likewise, us involvement in the negotiations would benefit all parties.
urban pride can also prevent extreme nationalism.
an unequal society cannot help but be an unjust society.
first, russia is failing to diversify its economy rapidly enough.
the risks are real.
yet there has been no sign of it.
that’s something a computer cannot do.
fortunately, there is a multilateral option and an existing precedent.
these pirate terrorists are not particularly powerful.
true, capitalism creates disruption and uncertainty.
america does not need a rabbi-in-chief.
but this could be changing.
weaker economies will also feel the pinch.
we have not reached the pinnacle of economic inclusion.
but nothing in his temperament suggests as much.
the clerics openly defy the state.
with hindsight, i believe we sold its assets too quickly.
economic reforms therefore remain essential.
that is not much of a victory for merkel.
national saving has two components--private and public.
but most held their tongues.
that wins them media acclaim.
is europe’s financial crisis over?
he told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
but rekindling growth has proven to be a tougher challenge.
its sensible people are sensibly saving for retirement.
now, trump is taking his dynasty to the white house.
this hesitancy may be changing.
nonetheless, foreign reserves continued to fall.
his long-term fate, however, would be much grimmer.
will malaysia’s islamization change course?
if they do, the doors to prosperity will open.
nothing is guaranteed.
but the imf and the world bank are not blameless.
is this scheme viable?
this makes economies significantly less vulnerable to external shocks.
keynes minimized the obstacles to hers goal.
this commentary is part of the carnegie council centennial projects.
the political obstacles to effective action will be stiff.
but there remains a remarkable diversity of practice worldwide.
virtue is the root; wealth is the result.
adults ruled supreme.
the fmlc makes four important recommendations.
effective governance is possible under various formal arrangements.
given these misconceptions, protectionism has re-emerged as a formidable foe.
after wwii, communists became civilization's nemesis.
there are as well pragmatic considerations.
it is a role america has long sought to avoid.
roosevelt or abraham lincoln.
the same point could have been made a century ago.
the policies that favor mortgage debt are extremely popular.
the current favorite bogeyman is public debt.
this leaves only two options to buttress the npt’s objectives.
think of all the nasty dictators in the 1930s.
this idea was instrumental in designing the post-2015 development agenda.
one option is to bet on leading by example.
arguably, gerashchenko was the most harmful office-holder during the transition.
but do politicians really want people to participate?
why is a new strategy needed?
one such step is the debt-conversion program proposed here.
now for the good news.
europe has sold its soul.
under chávez and maduro, venezuela became a fully illiberal democracy.
are the saudis fanatics?
here, greenspan holds his ground, and pleads not guilty.
it marks the beginning of the feminist movement.
china also has a key role to play.
the world is flat!
the eu must map out a new approach.
i also envision a much more flexible decision-making process.
the next few weeks will provide plenty of political drama.
but that can happen only if he is acquitted.
the magnitude of the problem is huge.
who will address the problem then?
even transportation is being revolutionized by technology.
but this seems upside down.
but they ended up with a mere 23 seats.
they view their jobs as managing the overall economy.
striking that balance is the biggest challenge facing china.
but they pay for themselves by producing growth and revenues.
where is the justice in this?
such criticism notwithstanding, friedman makes an important point.
the us tariffs are clearly hurting the chinese economy.
in practice, however, peer pressure has become peer collusion.
there is some validity to both viewpoints.
park geun-hye, south korea’s current president, is his daughter.
journalists ask, but ahmedinejad won’t answer.
that is not exactly reassuring.
a regulated market would not challenge these man-made facts.
“it will be very bad for us.
bush, bill clinton, george w.
illicit financial flows continue to drain development resources.
he far surpassed the mainstream socialist party candidate, benoît hamon.
inflation may be dormant, but it is certainly not dead.
but europeans should not expect too much.
conversely, calderón’s argument did.
so the temptation to borrow is high.
“free school meals kill indian children,” one headline screamed.
to be sure, china’s leaders fêted modi in style.
indeed, the west has consistently misread russia’s intentions on kosovo.
this implies current account deficits that need to be financed.
by then, other worries had fed public anxiety.
the answer will powerfully influence global economic prospects.
the same holds for migration.
it has become a soulless market in their eyes.
establishment of strong administrative and regulatory institutions.
the second factor is global.
it can also promote extremism, even terrorism.
the 179 page document does not mince words.
but it pushed anyway.
this will do nothing to endear experts to ordinary people.
researchers must build on this progress.
but the problem is not so simple.
but this market is less developed outside the us.
that meant avoiding a war with israel.
the argument is seductive.
third, bailout fatigue is apparent.
why is there such a divide between experts and society?
but that does not necessarily imply constancy.
yet that divide runs even through the once-dominant socialist party.
why seize yukos shares and licenses?
kolakowski, on the other hand, was someone i knew.
above all, the refugees’ basic needs must be met.
but several factors make the situation in venezuela even bleaker.
this is bad news.
for starters, the result defied most expectations.
in short, more interaction, not less, should be actively encouraged.
in fact, these fears have a strong historical basis.
answers to these questions may be found.
so what went wrong?
the first step is finance.
fortunately, raghuram g.
but the approach could not be more wrong.
but its transformative potential is obvious.
the eat-lancet commission’s report does not have all the answers.
so how can policymakers address these failures?
nor do large international reserves guarantee financial stability.
propaganda and indoctrination are time consuming and inefficient.
but something had changed.
universities in gaza are overcrowded and starved for supplies.
specialization of doctors leads to diversification of hospital services.
should poland, hungary and the czech republic be allowed in?
florence/ann arbor – the eurozone has reached a crossroads.
this was an international crisis that required an international response.
the japanese thought they had it ten years ago.
in itself, that may be no problem.
i tend to side with this less pessimistic crowd.
and such fears can have severe consequences.
the story smelled even worse after a bit of digging.
one might attribute trump’s backward-looking mindset to hers age.
that proposal has no chance of success in ukraine’s parliament.
two trends stand out.
early entry, otherwise, would be an empty gesture.
the liberal journal strategy and management was closed down.
but the law of diminishing returns eventually kicks in.
two things should be clear.
some in the syrian government could be aware of this.
success begins with acknowledging that gender equity in stem matters.
even german corporations hoard cash.
another similarity has to do with relative prices.
spanish and us banks moved heavily into latin america.
both of these countries are particularly vulnerable.
another case in point is the middle east.
or consider china’s role in the global economy.
europe has done nothing since to change that assessment.
a shortage of politically savvy leaders plagues the rebel-controlled east.
a policy of baby steps is no longer enough.
in that respect, this month’s european elections are hugely encouraging.
it is up to brazil to invite it to stay.
but it did lead to two developments in risk management.
consider how completely a child’s education is uprooted by war.
ronald reagan had a strong ideological bent.
this time, we must not rest until it is completed.
the end of globalization?
another way to increase agricultural productivity is through labor.
only later did she come to realize hers terrible error.
but this does not have to be the case.
economic advisers assured their bosses that recovery would be rapid.
are products getting simpler?
behind the top three are dozens of fledgling competitors.
where corruption has been absent, incompetence has replaced it.
it is something that exists only in your illusions.
europeans can supply this defect.
but this doesn’t have to be the case.
can tunisia’s democracy survive?
who’s she kidding?
finally, business leaders must value collaboration – and mean it.
but wmd were not the only motive for war.
moreover, selective repression has become harsher.
a third category of natural solution is agricultural reform.
was the stock-market boom predictable?
unfortunately, that may be unlikely in the year ahead.
the resulting supply constraints exacerbated inflation.
conservation resonates with local political parties.
democracy tops the list.
private-sector actors and ordinary citizens can also help.
continental europe, excluding holland, does it the wrong way.
despite advice to the contrary, this has been highly stabilizing.
these basic differences lead to obvious consequences for social polices.
yet it is not inevitable – far from it.
america’s fiscal challenges ought to prompt a re-evaluation.
a plethora of magazines tell pensioners what they can do.
still, all is not lost for argentina’s upcoming g20 presidency.
new mobile-money services are already demonstrating digital finance’s potential.
but the worst damage done by state policies is unemployment.
we simply don’t know.
it is the moment for european renewal.
admittedly, the eu is a flawed construction.
brazil was the latest to go off the rails.
but such leadership cannot achieve results in a vacuum.
so make no mistake about it.
yet even moderation is dismissed by the al-saud.
such a radical shift in policy goals will be difficult.
romney has provided few details about hers deficit-reduction plan.
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of his eight-year presidency.
none of this will be easy.
first, the good news.
england once again provides an apt illustration.
instead of resignations came reprisals.
avoiding the rigidity of rules must not lead to arbitrariness.
and gaining a working majority is only the first step.
first, what does the akp want?
can trump’s sanctions break iran?
one hundred years later, competition is again stirring.
it is the union’s new defining mission.
her aura dominated the just-concluded g-8 summit hosted by france.
moreover, violent militancy has now spread into pakistan proper.
should mcnamara have been more forthcoming in hers regrets?
it is crucial to economic progress and inclusion.
such factors are symptomatic of larger problems with humanitarian interventions.
this is particularly true in finance and banking.
of course, there will still be a digital divide.
so some compromise must be found should kerry win.
what comes after iraq?
this is not just a matter for politicians.
obama’s malaysia test
but this is different.
until recently, such nature-based solutions were too often overlooked.
the constitution consigns these complexities to history.
but economic growth does not eliminate financial risks.
all currencies fell against the dollar and the yen.
weight is a problem too.
anger can actually be artistically and politically creative.
munich – ukraine faces two major threats to its future.
no one knows for certain.
it is now at about 58% of gdp.
something like that seems to have happened within islam.
the role of business is palpable on both sides.
these were firms in which local governments typically held ownership.
but that does not make it a good idea.
and what happens if mind-reading devices are hacked?
consider efforts to promote investment in the real sector.
but a dictatorial state relies on many more henchmen.
those days now seem like another age.
consider what type of economy would support a rules-based system.
it lasted for nearly a century, until the early 1980’s.
in 2015, bulgaria eliminated male-only professions.
many observers are asking whether these reductions are deep enough.
the world bank presidency should not be an apprenticeship.
this approach is not new.
but it is preferable to avoid reaching that stage.
“they are doing it while we sit here,” mueller said.
why not a woman?
but, in a sense, trump’s irreverence makes her practically irrelevant.
but enormous challenges remain.
privatization of public corporations and property is another possibility.
for zambia, that decision is already paying off.
the gap between rich and poor nowadays is mind-boggling.
but time to search for loopholes is limited.
the first is elimination of all bilateral tariffs.
so how will the iranian people weigh their votes?
however, most parkinson’s cases arise without a known cause.
rudi lit up any group in which he participated.
but the payment system would survive.
but smoot-hawley did have a variety of other damaging consequences.
beck regularly likens obama’s policies to those of hitler.
how, then, do we know when force is disproportionate?
but our point is different.
it will take time to get out of trouble.
that was a tough hit for a struggling japanese economy.
that seems far-fetched.
then there is the violence itself.
a rapprochement with both countries is possible.
such remittances have been known to exceed official development assistance.
our role is to provide impartial information and advice.
machine or human, what matters is the instruction.
should fiscal policy make a contribution to south korean reform?
can a “no-deal” brexit be avoided?
every american president since john f.
but it’s current approach is not working.
it was so pure, so clean.
she even toured the people’s liberation army’s missile corps.
europe needs to prepare for any eventuality.
we all seem to have missed a basic fact.
those who encroached upon it were punished.
furthermore, reducing local-government financing vehicles’ exposures is essential.
indeed, the contrary is true.
a berlin consensus?
the answer is simple.
moreover, unemployment rates remain high, giving workers little bargaining power.
the opposite is true.
we cannot allow pyromaniacs to divide the people of europe.
this adds to employer contributions to the payg system.
not everything can be done overnight.
who has the more flexible job?
clubs would be built around key policy areas.
“all the terrorists are basically migrants,” he said.
new delhi – diplomacy often witnesses unusual spats.
to be successful, europe must play to its strengths.
that transformation was far-reaching.
commitment to european integration?
these tactics worked.
deflation should not be hard to check, with sound policy.
strikes can draw attention to the problem.
is america turning japanese?
that’s the hard part.
our elite imposes its vision of reality on all.
for trump, however, tariffs are not logical.
of course, the eu is no stranger to crisis management.
one is psychological.
but will it?
then she starts rigging elections and suppressing opposition.
by contrast, no one would deny park’s professional credentials.
there are undoubtedly major uncertainties and risks.
neither of these apparent historical parallels is convincing.
people’s everyday experiences provide huge amounts of potentially useful information.
meanwhile, state-led capitalism offers china’s economy its own protections.
the worldwide financial bubble cannot and should not be recreated.
brazil and india are particularly striking in this regard.
princeton – “america first,” thumps donald trump.
the eu would become unacceptably diluted.
china has recently suffered other public-relations disasters as well.
like systems and institutions, problem-solving was also simplified.
consider social media.
and what can be done about it?
nonetheless, covering them will not be easy.
it is always useful to have a scapegoat.
this multi-speed approach has reached its limits.
maybe that will be the case again.
both had previously been pragmatic men.
will future generations do better?
whatever our convictions, we are all threatened by our shortsightedness.
the years following the american war of independence were difficult.
america has not turned the corner.
the rust belt made trump president.
points, of course, will do the trick.
there are two key ideas here.
nonetheless, north korea has shown little interest in reform.
conventional wisdom says that stopping brexit is impossible.
indeed, demographically, russia is undergoing a dramatic decline.
here, public and community ownership is crucial.
it cannot be a game of rich against poor.
is syria next?
so are gold, silver, and platinum prices.
london – the recent european union summit was a disaster.
there is also the promise of new institutions.
and the magic doesn’t stop there.
attempts to eradicate it using chemicals worked only fleetingly.
that's different!, she cried.
a monetary policy at war with itself cannot long endure.
yet that renaissance never seems to come.
central banking’s new face
the first assumption is ideological.
bahraini-qatari relations, meanwhile, have never been good.
but what do global citizens really do?
xi is also losing his grip in taiwan.
but this does not mean that western democracy is safe.
september’s federal elections had already weakened merkel.
this leaves china facing two major challenges.
he has since scheduled elections for june 27.
many europeans simply had no interest in meeting new people.
a calamity is inevitable unless we change.
it calls for a single, unified legal entity.
local police stopped them near an army checkpoint.
so the facts are clear.
financial reform could still go belly up.
credit repayment in well-managed micro-finance institutions is around 95%.
health indicators worldwide have shown some of the largest improvements.
competitive politics had come to pakistan.
the rest is history.
and electricity supply is sporadic.
there always are.
third, governments should equip themselves with a reengineering budget.
i am not a christian.
such a thing could not happen in a western democracy.
yet it happened, and the world changed almost overnight.
many indians, especially among the delhi elite, believe it.
but the country learned from that experience.
the fsb favors keeping the media under the kremlin’s thumb.
interestingly, the nsa has taken a different stance.
so it is time to try again.
so, is europe chasing its tail?
the list of controversial us demands is long.
who but syria and iran would benefit from that?
but some things are more predictable than others.
the approach worked.
the parallels with the current us presidential campaign are arresting.
i pledge not to abandon them.
is violence the way to fight racism?
the game, however, may now be changing.
but other cdr approaches are gaining support.
bush and vladimir putin.
the historian paul nolte criticizes conservatives for being strategically lazy.
or was that groucho marx?
ultimately, consumer and business confidence are mostly irrational.
president roosevelt’s administration declared the clause invalid, forcing debt forgiveness.
the goals advanced by these arguments are mutually contradictory.
the question is which is worse.
hers interest is understandable.
erdoğan’s domestic position, like papandreou’s, is strong.
in this new context, solidarity is as crucial as ever.
certainly, america’s global role will not be called into question.
a credible growth compact would help to overcome immediate hurdles.
the consequences are alarming.
this would disrupt global trade.
what, then, can the us do to undermine iran’s position?
for more information about the event, go here.
yet countries continue to fail to make such investments.
officially, this has not yet been acknowledged.
these, however, are explanations of longer-term trends.
but competition over taxes and services is beneficial, not harmful.
this may be where cao got his 35% manufacturing-tax figure.
a promising opportunity lies in construction.
that, too, is a pipedream.
five main factors have enabled this unusual situation.
yet we are paying through the nose for these renewables.
america, as the saying goes, is an idea.
lieutenant general h.
but unresolved hostilities with israel could affect turkey’s choices.
america’s entire national security establishment is clear on this.
not surprisingly, public support for globalization has waned.
officially, china remains communist.
it is europe.
innovation, by contrast, is a high-risk, high-reward effort.
is china enough?
it is the imf’s job to operate in challenging environments.
parfit was not a household name.
the uruguay of europe?
gates, who was only “mortified” and “appalled” by the leaks.
a more rational approach would accept twenty-first-century realities.
vested interests may also play a role.
a “hard brexit” would mean that at 11:00 p.m.
eventually, these tensions will erode social cohesiveness.
they dissolved his party and banned its politicians.
what is the source of this attraction, this magic?
moreover, militant groups cannot match the state's firepower.
the final front is perhaps the trickiest: decision-making power.
helium shortages inevitably spur debate about production and preservation practices.
i want to shout: "wake up america.
the first model lasted from about 1870 until the 1960’s.
the pension system is ailing.
in short: more turmoil.
latin american populism has always nurtured itself on this dynamic.
about 9,000 people were shot at sandarmokh between 1937-1938.
upholding these two principles will require increased investment.
this is not a new approach, of course.
for how long?
for this, mere correlation is sufficient.
a fragmented multilateralism?
what is a reasonable view of china's recent history?
greece is both small and in a uniquely desperate position.
of course, referenda are inherently unpredictable.
moscow: “self-determination” dominated international politics for two centuries.
that may all be about to change.
unification issue is a phoney one.
perestroika took place at a unique moment in russian history.
but he will not be able wholly to avoid them.
but such promises are usually short-lived.
he stood revealed.
now, however, she is advocating exactly the opposite.
this shouldn’t really come as a surprise.
but what about bond yields?
so, does cannabis use harm mental health?
clinton lends herself graciously to the exercise.
they did it together.
we must not burn interfaith bridges.
fail, and the next election could be their last.
no double standards.
the price of default insurance has tripled.
the guilty must be punished.
despite this, indonesia has consolidated its democracy.
in any case, china’s stellar growth record cannot be sustained.
but a diaspora’s potential economic importance goes well beyond remittances.
the losses, initially put at $2 billion, soon tripled.
yes, i want competitive taxes, but they must be paid.
the security sector remains largely unreformed.
alternatives do exist.
yet girls continue to be overlooked and underrepresented.
one important lesson stems from the rationale for war.
he does not speak or get out of bed.
what will they do?
today, only 20% believe this to be true.
that was not true in guatemala.
somalia, for example, is experiencing more frequent droughts.
and the strategic relationship is not one-way.
nothing but animosity and strife resulted.
but education and health are just the first step.
but it is not enough.
so why do europeans have fewer and fewer children?
finally, the reaction of the election’s losers will be key.
did netanyahu crave the applause of his republican supporters?
opportunities exist, but they cannot be seized or realized.
systemically important emerging economies are also subject to considerable uncertainty.
will government do better at valuing those assets?
this may well be the more effective path.
likewise, claims of unpredictability excuse passivity.
yes, iraq is better off without this absolute despot.
the red cross report has leaked: torture and war crimes.
after baba died, hers daughters carried on hers work.
they would also reduce population fatness.
it is an old story.
this may seem counterintuitive.
a similar situation is evident in iraq today.
continued international paralysis is indefensible.
when it is explained to him, he is dismissive.
education would seem to be rife with such problems.
to be sure, the challenge facing china is monumental.
this is a time for steely principle.
strictly speaking, the wall would not have fallen.
germany
the solution is straightforward.
as a result, revenue fell.
what’s blocking gender equality?
for example, imagine a genius who left russia years back.
regional inequalities are not limited to italy.
the task of saving lives has barely begun.
sadly, we will probably get both.
unfortunately, that is a facile excuse.
they have since been vindicated.
in most human disease, oxidative stress is merely a symptom.
but, such is the undertone, their cause is nobler.
what, then, of the future?
the choice is understandable, but not without problems.
building democratic structures requires time, discipline, pain, and patience.
that’s where asia fits into the equation.
but at least the debate has now begun.
how well do the restructurings work?
their accumulated sum would be limited to 10% of gdp.
so ukraine now has a legitimate government.
to many, this small change of wording must seem trivial.
but it would help maximize the benefits of domestic reforms.
but is that good or bad for africa?
we should build on that momentum.
victims and perpetrators might not be the same.
lincoln, roosevelt, churchill...obama?
can the situation get worse?
how we look at animals reflects how we view ourselves.
the renminbi's real value rose from 2006 to 2013.
consider a country that borrows to invest in wealth-generating projects.
to some extent, they are.
by the time he caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
solar prices drop even faster at similar market shares.
but our investments are piecemeal.
foreign policy and defense belong, par excellence, at government's apex.
fourth, the state must create room for entrepreneurship.
this seems a wise decision.
but morsi’s people are not foreign-backed terrorists.
first, the good.
therein lies the path to sustained peace.
bureaucrats and the communist way of bureaucratic governance remains.
even devout protestants would not go that far.
neither israeli nor palestinian society is primed for compromise.
these prices are not unique to europe.
in china and india, wind alone outpaced nuclear.
the resemblance ends there.
moreover, exports to low-wage countries cannot compensate for job losses.
second, what are the purposes and priorities of foreign policy?
and that process continues.
similar economic fundamentals are also at work in other countries.
unfortunately, the answer here is much less equivocal.
poor children do not have reasonable access to health care.
the question is not if, but when.
there is currently no such risk in europe.
but economists and policymakers are not so sure.
when it comes to cyber-attacks, numbers matter.
what do they have to lose?
what was different about the 1920s was the narrative.
the problem is not new.
but demonstrations against whom?
but hers arguments were always based on facts.
anti-semitism is disgusting in whatever form it arises.
ideally, no such crisis would be needed.
such politically expedient language has a strategic downside.
this trend mocks moscow's professed desire for reintegration.
a year later, those fundamental doubts remain undiminished.
this round was supposed to redress those imbalances.
but the numbers remain very small.
putin himself has furnished proof of that.
in hers gushing account of president george w.
however, from a long-term perspective, africa should be optimistic.
sadly, this has not always been the case.
her four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms.
it depends where you look.
that is a luxury that croatia cannot afford.
how can we retain the benefits of globalization?
but she refuses to take them up.
are integration and disintegration the only alternatives for europe?
the next day, chaos, looting and panic spread.
he is more mississippi than manhattan.
the view across san francisco’s bay from nob hill.
what could he be thinking?
quantitative easing is a case in point.
nonetheless, it is clear that trade liberalization is gaining momentum.
their second responsibility is to help close the output gap.
spain, however, is a democracy.
it also bears on the bubble-spotting debate.
but thousands of others took part in the violence.
china filled it.
western powers often claimed extraterritorial rights.
we should seek china’s integration as a matter of self-interest.
on the conservative side, ahmadinejad so far stands alone.
then-president george w.
this is a serious problem.
she might have added that crisis is their mother.
venetians became italians, bavarians became germans, and so on.
but de tocqueville had serious reservations, too.
marxism and heavy-handed socialism have disastrous records by comparison.
the westernized cosmopolitan urban elites were the enemy.
in new empirical research, alma cohen, charles c.y.
beijing – china’s currency has started falling again.
do recent events mean that “convergence” is ending?
but china still has options.
nato expansion belongs to this category.
ending child marriage will require ambition, creativity, and money.
a productivity boom-in-waiting?
israel therefore holds the key to resolving the conflict.
let me explain.
but this view is no longer tenable.
first, it isn’t good for most people’s incomes.
belgium is in danger of falling apart.
biopharming has much to offer us.
what makes these flows work is asia’s diversity.
europe’s western half, however, is facing darkness.
the number of chinese initiatives is staggering.
and it is new.
the litmus test will be progress on security.
they often speak in jargon-filled sentences no one can understand.
even with america’s corrupt politics, the voters’ views still matter.
the us might also learn from other examples.
indeed, brands send signals that facilitate the task at hand.
the big one will one day strike california.
so what does the us want?
in other words, financial engineers’ gain is real people’s pain.
i am of the latter view.
unfortunately, ours is far from an ideal world.
america can easily afford to do better, of course.
europe's disappointing economic performance lies at the root of this.
in these circumstances, policy inertia is not an option.
the one-size-fits-all ideology of the washington consensus is finished.
such a move would be deemed premature by numerous critics.
obviously, most people didn’t invest this way in 1960.
more may be required.
gore has a very different approach.
but they knew better.
more importantly, can xdr-tb be controlled?
clinton, and their associates in arkansas and washington.
military action by itself may simply make matters worse.
employment of prime-age females should be rising, not falling.
incomes have fallen.
in the mid-20th century, fascists were the evildoers.
it is here that economists disagree.
france must act on over-regulation and excessive public spending.
more alarming still is the stampede that followed.
both are used in production and share in the proceeds.
should it fail, the price will be high.
trump does love putin, or so he says.
but the contours of hers story are beginning to emerge.
but a sense of urgency is needed.
a tax on carbon should be equivalent to its damage.
we are statesmen, and the republicans are statesmen.
however, things turned out differently.
that need is now pressing.
now the time has come to resolve kosovo’s status permanently.
the backlash against globalization is real and growing.
she is right.
and japan is an aging, if not decaying, society.
but what happens next is crucial.
today, the czech republic’s reputation is suffering as a result.
we lack critical assets and personnel.
every decade, important people predict the end of american power.
the “official” narrative about technology treats accelerating change as inevitable.
america’s rising socialist stars staunchly oppose this approach.
but as europe integrates, these decisions will become pervasive.
at the same time, today’s leaders lack ideas.
its presence is enough to support a benign self-fulfilling prophecy.
few countries have a neutral energy balance.
in addition, the economy is in ruins.
it’s a remarkable story.
china can be slowed but cannot be stopped.
or a voice, any voice, of a visible minority?
we don’t even want to be seen conserving.
that scenario is china's worst nightmare.
labor markets are cool, or at least, certainly not hot.
opponents argue that carbon pricing would hurt economic growth.
abuja – climate change confronts developing countries with a dilemma.
repressive dictatorships cannot win free and fair elections.
an obvious explanation is the power of conventional thinking.
this slump may be inevitable, but it can be mitigated.
there is also, of course, the question of the dollar.
cleaning up after communism: who decides?
one well-respected publication even called mrs.
arrow in hers 1950 columbia university phd dissertation.
but these were no ordinary capital flows.
if it did, spd leaders would surely demand merkel’s head.
i was in pakistan as a state guest.
such a measure would have several positive effects.
it remains hard to say.
but it probably won’t.
but at what cost to their citizens?
indeed, the romance has overwhelmingly followed the disney script.
but addressing most problems in government involves multiple agencies.
ignoring them was, in many ways, an obvious mistake.
one can only hope that brazilians agree.
biopsied tissues are used to manufacture therapeutic genetic material.
fourth, africans are benefiting from technological disruption.
its media industry is undergoing a transition equally as wrenching.
the link between bulls and dalits is well known.
third, the neglect of education must end.
stress-related paths to pathologies take a wide variety of forms.
it cannot afford to sir the chance.
how many people would he require in a room?
suddenly, a democratic republic had voted itself out of existence.
the second and third problems remain huge analytical mistakes.
but it adamantly opposed any involvement of ground troops.
corruption, special interests, and sheer incompetence are common problems.
after three years, greece’s experience is telling.
what can india do to close the gap?
lives depend on it.
and this is not only about islamic extremism.
but china’s attitude towards sino-us military dialogue remains uncertain.
she becomes upset if she calls and i don't answer.
this land imposes no narrow conformity on its citizens.
london – the following account should sound familiar.
in 1954, then-senator john f.
now, too, fears of mutually assured destruction could re-emerge.
the reduction in tax collection can increase disposable income.
yet it has to be done.
why was it fatally diluted by the european parliament?
a politician must, like it or not, be a mirror.
exile is not freedom.
yet undercurrents frequently diverge from the surface flow.
russia seemed in an economic free-fall.
obama seems to bear europeans no ill will.
but there are levers in place that can help.
individual countries would still need to undertake structural reforms.
but it was a price india was willing to pay.
obama’s personality has also contributed to his problems.
"no, it's nothing," he smiles, "just my husband.
lowering personal and corporate taxes will primarily help richer americans.
that dictum, of course, should apply to everyone.
overall, the aiib is a positive development.
for the moment, putinism is the only game in town.
letting bygones be bygones is a basic principle in economics.
this should be an unconditional commitment from both sides.
already, some indonesians are nostalgic for suharto's new order.
the most creative breakthroughs became famous events.
what has happened?
instead, you should jump straight into a final deal.
think of it this way.
but karadžić’s conviction for genocide eviscerates hers divisive propaganda.
could a us recession end the trade war?
the worst-case scenario did not materialize.
twenty-something software coders are commanding six-figure salaries.
other central banks are doing likewise.
she had a taste for battle dress.
davidson’s characterization is revealing.
thaksin’s appeal splits the reds.
it’s not that the kirchners have much global influence.
members of the eurozone, however, lacked such an option.
foreign policy in particular has become a male aspiration.
can europe become a global player?
virtually every emerging-market country has experienced recurrent sovereign-debt problems.
that is where the election will be lost or won.
still, he speaks to their grievances and anxieties.
but things changed with the global financial crisis.
of course, tragedy is not needed to kick-start progress.
so what should the us do?
such proposals are troubling for many reasons.
this leads to the fourth type: entrepreneurial capitalism .
there are no hospitals in nature.
farmers are a different story.
the process of discovering a new growth path has started.
china has understood trump’s transactional style for some time.
why should they not fully embrace efficient resource allocation?
here japan is the gateway.
excessive taxation can dull incentives and hinder growth.
renzi and macron are masters of the sound bite.
citizens, unsurprisingly, complained about the declining legitimacy of eu institutions.
inevitably, wahhabi islamists did best.
its success depends on market demand, not political lobbying.
the same dynamic will play out with genetic engineering.
the question now is what will replace pax americana.
india’s generally conservative financial system played a vital role, too.
why is china lashing out?
it is also the favorite of many of my students.
it never had to be this way.
david’s father is dead.
public institutions must also be strengthened.
two weeks later, in st.
ironically, erdoğan has loudly denounced other governments’ human-rights abuses.
erdoğan seems immune to criticism.
we can’t say they didn’t warn us.
trade and people could move freely between them.
the implications are dire.
but control after the fact is no control at all.
unstable and unsustainable configurations must come to an end.
the message is clear: sponsoring cross-border terrorism pays.
and his social background is more complicated.
inequality has been falling.
free speech is in fact relative.
today’s brazil is constrained by inadequate supply of credit.
it wants economic growth and it wants it now.
they found an ally in that cause in bush.
today, women dominate african agriculture, the continent’s most important industry.
policymakers, like all of us, are slaves to fashion.
so expect big shocks.
wenceslas and st.
what can the us learn from what works?
the problem was that the fed’s macro-prudential instruments were undeveloped.
but children are extraordinarily resilient.
the policy failures have indeed been remarkable.
immediately after the election, hers approval rating stood at 82%.
which way is west for turkey?
the idea certainly sounds appealing.
i have five grandchildren below the age of four.
fifteen minutes later, the woman was walking normally.
one thing is for sure: u.s.
she inherited a financial system on the verge of collapse.
sadly, the problem has been getting worse in recent years.
for many, germany’s warm welcome to refugees was unquestionably heartfelt.
summer is just beginning.
commodity currencies had to come off their meteoric highs.
two factors explain this anomaly.
certainly, einstein was being tremendously modest.
the big question is whether israel is ready.
this is a benign rather than a brutal hegemony.
africa today presents a mixed picture.
never heard of him.
small disputes are magnified by this underlying conflict.
china is experiencing a significant economic slowdown.
indeed, it is a reliable guide to hers political philosophy.
instead, the russian people have now challenged the status quo.
so much for scary fairytales.
it must uphold international law.
al jazeera is certainly professional.
a european cure for balkan depression
and when.
this is unfair.
she displays emotion and composure, i note.
market signals are more distorted, fueling resource misallocations.
we cannot succeed on one without succeeding on the other.
unfortunately, germany is once more resisting french proposals.
hence the growth of casual, discontinuous, part-time jobs.
the feebleness of the region’s governments is a key problem.
today, emerging markets account for 40% of the world’s researchers.
labor-force participation will be key to shaping this environment.
two factors have impeded consummation of a polish-american agreement.
there is also the issue of reverse causality.
egypt may follow.
this would incite even more economic uncertainties.
this divergence is not entirely new.
he finds himself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
this is the spirit of the upcoming conference.
the situation is similar in north america.
all of this in the name of "reform," of course.
this is always unsustainable.
nor is their economic approach necessarily statist.
meanwhile, the consequences of financial engineering are intensifying.
fiscal hawks also rely on history-based arguments.
germany and france caught up with america by the 1970s.
and that will affect almost all of us.
to say that these are difficult questions is an understatement.
but the implementation should not be exclusively dictated from brussels.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, he personified it.
it is also worth including the latest imf projections.
but the outcome is far less clear.
so did he receive the stick instead of the carrot?
that reality often goes unacknowledged.
sometimes, the wrong friends can be useful.
we need to restore order to international financial markets.
what about the transfer of power to a new generation?
in italy, the acquittal triggered a wave of self-recrimination.
“all right,” cleese erupts in exasperation.
payg taxes workers to pay benefits to currently retired persons.
managing expectations regarding timing may be most important.
in the northeastern state of assam, another horror unfolds.
yet gandhi’s truth was essentially hers own.
squeeze big business, that was oskar's answer to germany's dilemma.
new york – has there really been a sexual revolution?
donald trump’s presidency has eroded america’s soft power.
but education by itself is of only limited use here.
french president emmanuel macron has advanced similar ideas.
in practice, impartiality is not easy to maintain.
the entire military philosophy in russia must be changed.
turkey is 98% muslim, while india is only 80% hindu.
his aim was to protect the west from islamization.
yet european countries are divided over china.
the us economy was among those that suffered most.
i expressed this frustration to hers face several times.
in other words, japan renounced taiwan without reassigning it.
his partisanship is extreme.
but globalization itself is not in retreat.
perhaps the entire un will not disappear.
what if zero interest rates are the new normal?
insurers are also among the world’s largest asset owners.
we are all better for it.
instead, she sought the political containment of a political threat.
and these troops remained in the kingdom until the mid-1980’s.
again, there were costs but not casualties.
there are several reasons.
i consider this dangerous.
the global benefits of supporting them far outweigh the costs.
but ukraine did not crumble.
for voters, however, lofty ideals were not the point.
a look at pakistan’s economic landscape says it all.
bush, with generally disastrous effects.
cynics might say that marches cannot change engrained social taboos.
treat china as an enemy, and you guarantee enmity.
leave eastern europe alone.
all this is contributing to internal tensions.
market competition is tolerated among small entrepreneurs.
absolute certainty is rarely an option.
but the chicago teachers union subsequently withdrew its support.
let us apply this formula to pakistan.
adding nuclear weapons to that mix would be highly dangerous.
both shortcomings remain major concerns.
he lacks self-control and acts impetuously.
fortunately, china knows this well.
who should control europe’s media?
re-reading george h.w.
do antioxidant supplements work?
europeans should have the chance to regain their footing.
“our generation – you and i ...
that mechanism is broken beyond repair.
the first reason applies to the idle rich.
it all starts in sendai.
the evil of that white supremacist outrage must unite us.
japan is not a poor country today.
new strategies are needed to encourage healthy interactions among employees.
it has moved into its own orbit.
not a word.
barack obama also showed genuine respect and openness to russia.
some fear that ukraine could break apart.
history provides grounds for optimism.
even the turkish academy of sciences has been targeted.
but few iraqis were fooled.
now consider nigeria, the continent’s largest oil producer.
not long ago, that outcome seemed likely.
indeed, evaluating the impact of any research project is difficult.
but there is another way of looking at the situation.
i doubt it.
interest-rate cuts have become imperative.
the right balance will inevitably be a subject of dispute.
supporting innovation and entrepreneurship can also help power change.
happily, the british public is unlikely to accept that option.
the liberal right has never been stronger in eastern europe.
but that is both patronizing and simplistic.
here is a list of things to watch for.
but the challenge does not end with reducing emissions.
those words speak to us today with special urgency.
libya is fortunate is some ways.
the us federal reserve’s position has been more ambiguous.
but it would be an incendiary move.
those like bintu mustapha are the lucky ones.
the imf is, on its own, highly constrained.
the system we have in place is lopsided.
its gdp may have reached $10 trillion in 2014.
but rudi never followed his own advice.
the fed has repeatedly sought to explain its policies better.
but greece, portugal, italy, and ireland are not argentina.
environmentalists’ awkwardness is, or ought to be, disconcerting.
that reversal is now underway.
the tiny organization had an outsize historic significance.
“we can’t waste time,” she says.
but such opportunities do sometimes present themselves for us presidents.
there has been a little movement of late.
the documents make for frightening reading.
“whatever-ism” is neither strong nor sustainable.
chinese censors methodically suppress news coverage of princelings’ business dealings.
he can’t do either of these things.
on that front, too, america has been falling behind.
sovereign regimes require a political identity.
we desperately need a global deal.
consumers get a wider variety of goods at cheaper prices.
i said, “why?
and many cheerleaders, managers, and dispute-settlers are already unnecessary.
emotions then become "signatures" or "encodings" of complex thoughts.
moreover, tobacco output increased 32%.
the effects of this institutional violence are varied, and costly.
the ancien regime’s supporters call it a “populist” revolution.
when does boldness turn to foolhardiness?
at first glance, the outlook appears grim.
this is the year to start knocking them down.
in such cases, silence may be wiser than speculation.
kashkari worked for henry m.
paulson in the us treasury department, beginning in 2006.
but this is about to change.
after all, who is the state for?
europe should not let this train pass it by.
the gargantuan us trade deficit?
this leads us to the third conclusion.
and bilateral trade is booming, worth $88 billion per year.
for billions of people, the stakes could not be higher.
all markets need rules and regulations.
it deserves everybody’s support.
trump harped on this issue often during his presidential campaign.
indeed, such political action makes for responsible wealth.
china’s aid programs are often successful and constructive.
in march, however, ross announced hers resignation as un envoy.
or did it?
lots of food means lots of overweight people.
but china then adjusted its currency policy.
is it population, military strength, or economic development?
in venezuela, with unemployment at 20%, the same is expected.
this will be a temptation this time around as well.
the panel’s report, resilient people, resilient planet, offers suggestions.
prague: sometimes i feel like a schizophrenic.
the question is whether this performance can be sustained.
bombs have exploded from karachi to lahore to islamabad.
the federal reserve will not willingly resort to inflation.
we have a long way to go before that happens.
competitiveness is a key reason for why it is not.
or the eidgenössische technische hochschule in zurich.
without such a unified approach, geopolitical stability is diminished.
the latter is inconsistent with being an ally.
but you should understand that we mean business.
here, close cooperation with china will be essential.
emotional intelligence is one of them.
time to try a different approach.
many economists equate “total factor productivity” with technological progress.
reversing this trend will require concrete proposals and decisive action.
an economy-wide approach is needed because markets are interconnected.
but losing a vote need not mean losing a voice.
that view has lately been changing.
our luck has not been good since 1985.
instead, the embargo should be introduced incrementally.
it is a global event.
the most logical answer might seem to be media organizations.
i was born into a family of nine children.
so what will happen next?
true, poland’s democratic institutions, despite their flaws, function rather well.
this is not a numbers game.
they risk being left behind.
private-sector problems were overlooked on the way out.
nature doesn’t care about our political machinations.
unfortunately, those forecasts of what might happen remain hidden.
worse, he has also destroyed america’s negotiating credibility.
james baker, who served both ronald reagan and george h.w.
it could get ugly.
another narrative focuses on financial fragility.
the public could not disagree with her more.
but regional understanding will still be hard to achieve.
to me, these proposals seem poorly conceived, for two reasons.
with trade liberalization, the cost of ignoring comparative advantage soars.
this should not be surprising.
a similar trend can be seen at the organizational level.
so what right has priority when they conflict?
every projection of growth has been revised downward.
both figures are, again, the lowest in the eu.
but are they enough?
the electoral math is stark.
chasing down the last cases of polio is very costly.
i hope that is not the case.
they occur because our approach to medicine is fundamentally wrong.
can we do better?
we need to recognize what martin luther king, jr.
this must change – and fast.
independent institutions are the most important enemy of populism.
that restructuring will occur, deficit spending or no deficit spending.
the second type of explanation focuses on external factors.
the conclusion seems straightforward.
osborne and the british tories got it completely wrong.
we know you aren’t and don’t.
china’s leaders are understandably reluctant to abandon a tried-and-true model.
america’s governance crisis is the worst in modern history.
individual tragedy and national hardship go hand in hand.
international capital markets already have curtailed credit to these countries.
indeed, some 60% of africa’s unemployed are young people.
malaysia is rich in natural resources.
rockefeller, and the original j.p.
morgan once did.
in january, the european union expanded eastward once again.
the anti-eu camp is no better off.
second, high-productivity sectors expand and hire more labor.
according to vitaly i.
people in the region are clamoring for it.
and it is especially the case concerning institutional questions.
it will be a crucial moment.
the situation at carmaker autovaz is a striking example.
and they are more dubious than confident.
some media organizations already recognize this.
but eventually central banks must pull the plug.
suddenly, the west’s interest is kindled.
furthermore, famine has rapidly declined over the past half century.
like all strategists, huntington is fascinated by china's rise.
unfortunately, there is an analogous picture elsewhere in the eu.
the danger with funding for lending is negative side effects.
finally, the regime suffers ideological exhaustion and death.
are they right?
sometimes, what is needed is consensus-building.
new york – the crime seems incomprehensible.
china seems to be doing that; america is not.
everything may be mocked and change meaning.
germany cannot carry the euro on its shoulders alone indefinitely.
a union is no different.
to some extent, they are right.
it is not capable of producing social justice.
but the main driver is culture, not economics.
nothing has changed since then.
he did this because, in mr.
watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
businesses, too, have been quick to adopt new practices.
thus, china needs to move quickly on education reform.
but armstrong’s legacy is about more than data.
after all, economic theory should be grappling with economic history.
history moves faster than politics, which moves faster than institutions.
a 17-day war ensued, but the status quo prevailed.
wodehouse novel, are anachronisms.
india mistrusts pakistan, and vice versa.
consider again the examples of mobile telephony and banking.
it is difficult to disagree with the protesters.
the turkish question is, of course, complex.
deep down, they know there is no conspiracy.
it would be much sound and fury, signifying nothing.
instead, it earned some $230 billion in 2013.
these are pressing, unsolved questions.
unfortunately, the troika was not interested in a rational solution.
moocs can also be creative or unique.
there are many good reasons not to intervene militarily.
in europe, labor markets are fossilized.
but both institutions may be overstating the problem.
like its economic weaknesses, puerto rico’s political problems run deep.
the government would like to keep its subsidies and stockpiles.
no society can manage indefinitely without such mechanisms.
inevitably, it contains populist, anti-business sentiments.
farewell to the euro?
he raised other’s babies.
one option is to optimize the structure of capital inflows.
destitution, poverty, and misery primed publics for toxic politics.
except that it is built on a disingenuous lie.
european authorities are caught up in a similar mindset.
the fourth observation similarly highlights the interconnectedness of all life.
but this is questionable.
indeed, this media frenzy has little or no scientific backing.
and yet policy responses to crises remain decentralized.
the worries are even worse in afghanistan and pakistan.
all of these deficiencies can be corrected.
he did one great thing: resolving the cuban missile crisis.
the first such cause is the legacy of colonization.
but the precise dynamics are not yet fully understood.
ngdp targeting is that plan.
it will not come from washington.
how should a government focus its anti-corruption strategy?
indeed, the kremlin has assiduously cultivated party secretariats across europe.
c audillismo has two key facets.
zedilla's predecessor, president salinas.
this is simply not true.
our economy is slowing.
look at america.
changing the tax structure will also help.
outside europe, the gm green revolution holds more stark implications.
wouldn’t dropping the concept send a far more powerful message?
public opinion on the aca is difficult to discern.
what is particularly devastating is how it also quashes hope.
all iraqis or just the shia among them?
the challenge is implementation.
kohl's last years, for example, were marked by electoral corruption.
haldane offers no explanation for this burst of irrational behavior.
but there is not enough time for that.
the situation was the reverse of britain.
but, again, one must examine the trade-off.
the industry has to change, urgently, to promote healthy diets.
second, permits are not free even today.
policymakers must encourage it.
coca-cola is phasing out all use of climate-polluting hydrofluorocarbons.
all of this raises two questions.
but how far do we want to go?
i am willing to sell my kidney for my wife.
but all of this now could come undone.
radicalized european muslims must look elsewhere.
but is “cold war ii” really inevitable?
that is not surprising.
these conditions need to change.
technology offers new breakthroughs in energy efficiency as well.
some collect as little as 10%.
much of the blame, however, lies with british political leaders.
in el salvador, abortion is prohibited without exception.
some people don’t actually mind being called racists.
why are fish the forgotten victims on our plate?
interpretations vary no less when it comes to monetary policy.
we should not repeat those mistakes now.
each of these crises calls for urgent action.
progressive capitalism is not an oxymoron.
erdoğan and hers ministers have been cheerleaders for these prosecutions.
petersburg government of the early 1990s.
such is the case with aids and avian flu.
sending a clear military message remains essential.
grave doubts are in order on that score.
both monetary- and fiscal-policy normalization are critical.
so how did inflation become lowered?
but they also must become less dependent on others.
the germans have now almost run out of alternatives.
but germany rejected this logic.
he made russians rich, cosmopolitan, and respected.
here, too, the uk’s departure from the eu has consequences.
clearly, change is in the air.
financial mayhem ensues.
three factors have brought this about.
globalization involves winners and losers – that has been established.
is economics a science?
i don’t know whether the theory was right.
these efforts dwarf expected us initiatives.
that, too, is political spin.
the bank urgently needs to reverse course.
but, of course, we cannot overcome long-run uncertainty.
right and wrong were not him tasks.
and funding to lebanon has been cut almost completely.
leading by engaging
this campaign to denigrate mr.
that interpretation, however, borders on caricature.
somalia’s external debt is running at $5 billion.
yet in the end it did not matter.
but that raises a new problem.
but not all targets are equally good.
can good behavior be encouraged without ever punishing bad behavior?
what of the rest of the world?
in fact, there is nothing inevitable about the euro's failure.
we are not living a replay of 1938.
but the question cannot be ignored.
language and culture matter, too.
we are students, not soldiers.
what incited the left's rise?
apple is another good example.
it took hard military power to end that alliance.
falling employment lowers wage and salary incomes.
the country has completed one of world’s largest democratic exercises.
and the corrupt officials?
but political calculation cannot explain everything.
here, again, strengthening europe requires strengthening the alliance.
they are useless at fighting today's new terrorist enemy.
thus, eurobonds would not ruin germany’s credit rating.
• reduce remittance costs.
and so they have.
lord layard advocates more psychotherapy rather than drug treatment.
today’s breeds are no different.
whereas, say, presidents john f.
first, the similarities.
that is where the eurozone is today.
we should not make excuses for intentional cheating in sports.
ultimately, however, indonesia’s clout stems from its soft power.
to outsiders, the region is virtually synonymous with political polarization.
the time for action is now.
even field testing biopharmed plants has proved problematic.
almost all of those deaths could have been prevented.
talks to join the european union are getting started.
beyond that, america’s much-vaunted equality of opportunity is under threat.
but muslims' presence in british society has presented other challenges.
and, by that time, they will be right.
and, unfortunately, markets have not responded as expected.
she also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills.
nonetheless, india is right to organize itself this way.
trump himself may yet challenge china.
can american democracy come back?
underwrite the final goal of monetary union.
but this is not even discussed in poland.
this is sheer nonsense.
state banks are farther behind.
the answer is clear: not many more.
that is definitely better than expected.
democracy, too, was a product of resistance to aristocratic rule.
perfecting new biotechnologies usually takes years.
“condemn taiwan, of course,” he said.
but advanced countries’ financial sectors remain largely resistant to reform.
hers far-right party is xenophobic, anti-semitic, and authoritarian.
but china’s assertiveness is not entirely groundless.
this will, of course, require compromises from all sides.
will today’s government do better?
and it cannot work.
it is instead its complement, even its savior.
but will all this talk amount to real progress?
according to standard economic reasoning, this is inefficient.
perhaps china’s rulers are less sure of themselves than putin.
the question now is how bad that distress will become.
we will have nothing against negotiations.
jihadism is clearly alive and well across the arab world.
globalization has assumed a new form: global mass politics.
and so it has.
so putin’s views about nato are clear.
this would explain why rats infected with t.
why, then, do candidates spend enormous amounts on campaigning?
governments should not over-react to these kinds of leaks.
the second error was even more inane.
what could they be upset about?
can the olympic movement be redeemed?
the first obstacle has been the ideology of market fundamentalism.
copyright: project syndicate, 2006.
japan’s new activism also was widely imitated.
in times of distress, private-sector mistakes often become public-sector obligations.
moon has shown no interest in such gestures.
in march 2017, it could reprise that role.
they are partners in the shanghai cooperation organization.
unlike our policymakers, isis is not waiting for more data.
but what if everybody is wrong?
international action can also help deal with global environmental problems.
but, she noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
such rhetoric is a symptom of desperation.
this is not just about socio-economic issues.
rodrik advocates less globalization and more democracy.
much of the world expected more elevated behavior from obama.
so his whole family prefers the mercedes.
success is measured by one’s salary.
the us military is readying itself for the threat.
and trump is their factotum.
why is this attention to universities necessary?
it is not for lack of political representation.
that may not be a bad thing.
but both groups are our collective responsibility.
second, why is the disinformation being shared?
would zhao have prevailed, had the students retreated?
and, invariably, she acted on hers convictions.
consider also the credit markets.
he is also one of italy’s most influential political commentators.
an apocalyptic scenario in the making?
such doubts are understandable.
the problem is not just right-wing market fundamentalists.
but the conventional wisdom is likely to be proved wrong.
so the increased importance of the g-20 should be welcomed.
an idealized model of anglo-saxon capitalism was promoted everywhere.
we should empower them to do just that.
the reason is fear.
geumgang last july demonstrated the relationship’s vulnerable nature.
it is certainly tempting for some.
bosnia's experience reveals why this is so.
a member state has regrettably chosen to move ahead alone.
in earlier times, they might have run an empire.
fiscal austerity is a poor substitute.
it is the poor and the most vulnerable who suffer.
now he wanted to dispense with it.
meanwhile, america is benefiting from asian migration.
but it is no revolutionary document.
but there are consequences to abjuring this approach as well.
both empathy and compassion seem to come naturally to humans.
the internet is a seminal lever in this process.
and the us must let it.
there are countless more cases that can be mentioned.
in the end, intervention was necessary anyway.
and where volumes lead, prices eventually follow.
all of these leaders understand what must be done.
a well-designed safeguard against social dumping should do no worse.
new delhi – election cycles are growing longer worldwide.
these are obviously knotty questions.
the eternal september of our discontent has arrived.
the second major test is the rise of violent extremism.
any response must be basically constructive.
as a result, even good decisions are incompletely planned.
“efforts need to be systematic and institutionalized,” jalbout explains.
the acjd’s other demands are much farther from being fulfilled.
governments fell all over each other competing for foreign investors.
but sometimes this desire seems overwhelming in post-modern democracies everywhere.
bannon’s presence at the lille event was paradoxical.
then a minor academic storm broke out.
administration supporters shrug off the critics.
nor do i differentiate, ethically, between homosexual and heterosexual relationships.
but there were serious setbacks.
china is the world’s top manufacturing country by output.
tel aviv – it is bibi again.
the future looks far less rosy.
if only it were so easy.
the critics are right.
the hijackers were all sunni.
the pattern is evident: a systematic authoritarian drive is underway.
but, for most asians, economic armageddon is far more recent.
consider income inequality, already at record levels in the us.
and what about israel?
bo faces three charges: corruption, bribery, and abuse of power.
is the reagan-thatcher revolution over?
however, proximity has also meant us meddling.
europe has too many moving parts.
this will not correct the imbalances that exist today.
should we still share his worries?
when this happens, growth is bound to decline.
these policies are complements, not substitutes.
regulatory philosophies are converging, too.
this no one questioned.
to be sure, the industry is small.
that amounts to a 6% increase above business as usual.
this is a serious response to a serious challenge.
and the risk is mounting.
this gets to the heart of the china-japan comparison.
but erosion and contamination are placing soils under severe stress.
it also exposes a more fundamental problem.
and seehofer has remained on the offensive.
in chechnya, our basic morality is at stake.
so what is to be done?
economic ties are also likely to suffer.
ideologically, china can breathe a sigh of relief.
this is what happened.
destination countries have equally profound responsibilities in crises.
russia went through a somewhat similar experience.
the consequences are dire.
most of them wrung their hands.
is there a new arms race underway in latin america?
ties among private companies enhance global stability.
yet closer relations have brought controversy.
in fact, it was entirely predictable.
the us is now worried about china’s rising technological prowess.
editor's note: this commentary was updated on december 26, 2013.
he is not off to a good start.
the eminent columnist amin m.
people, not firms, make decisions.
public policy and public-sector investment matter, too.
we cannot stumble where the road is clear.
given this, the wto would probably rule the bat illegal.
it is time for action.
politicians now have to do theirs.
and an overheated economy has played no role at all.
millions of pakistanis delivered a clear message at the polls.
oil tycoon t.
clowns on the campaign trail
and all data are biased.
many had perished at sea.
the reason comes down to religious chauvinism.
this wasn’t always the case.
sadly missing in this diplomatic action is the european union.
so, what michelle obama is doing is not trivial.
those opportunities are reflected in the equity premium.
this remains true today.
today, russia sits at one end of the illiberal-capitalist spectrum.
but most researchers are not driven by such interests.
marx emphasized the critical role of the means of production.
on my way to novosibirk airport at 5a.m.
rules and institutions come first; real economic development follows.
resource-poor countries in central america and the caribbean stagnated.
true, the united states is not denmark.
the public perceives fukushima-type risks and derivatives risks differently.
colombia and mexico have introduced similar initiatives.
social networking brings a new insight.
the digital revolution is also disrupting traditional business models.
by 2018, that figure was 13.5%.
so, will man's hubris be capsized again?
these loopholes have had profound implications.
but once a promise is made it should be kept.
a decade ago, people said that this would happen quickly.
mohammed’s story is one that has been repeated countless times.
people need jobs that pay living wages (or better).
on the traditional family farm, there was no unemployment.
it’s the reverse side of freedom.
three things are worth noting here.
history is rife with evidence of the value of competition.
but sometimes even sacred bulls need to be slaughtered.
zimbabweans are denied their basic freedoms and subjected to violence.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered him a lifeline.
the most obvious example is climate change.
is chinese mercantilism good or bad for poor countries?
but this is precisely because of the lemon effect.
rudi felt the same way.
but nuclear attack carries its own heavy burden.
young refugees have no time to lose.
this is no time for oil currency hypocrisy.
can they succeed?
neither fact nor argument bears out his analysis.
simply put, the long recession is lowering europe’s potential growth.
on this, the imf is partly right.
every imf forecast therefore failed.
but it is also an increasingly divided society.
some of these events stemmed from gorbachev’s miscalculations.
cooperatives are one way to make this vision a reality.
this goal is now within reach.
of thirty-eight officers elevated to general's rank by mrs.
fahim, thirty-seven are tajiks, the other being uzbek.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed her efforts with satisfaction.
his only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega.
he has not solved all of these problems.
first, and perhaps least self-evident, is energy.
but only competition among providers of similar products is beneficial.
the pace of urbanization is astonishing.
still, the quality of the council’s output has been improving.
here, incomes and value added per employee remained largely flat.
in fact, asia’s growth momentum is declining.
this situation is unsustainable.
the industry’s own figures explain why.
this is particularly true of public-facing organizations.
with jokowi, it is too soon to tell.
for example, the nobel laureate ronald h.
the real tragedy has still to unfold.
or did it require special talent?
globalization does not get much better than this, right?
sovereignty is no longer as absolute as it once seemed.
political risk insurance may sound too complex to deploy quickly.
until recently, only two foreign firms qualified.
and the pakistanis added a nuclear weapon design as well.
may himself supported the “remain” campaign.
its largest supplier is its stable neighbor, canada.
we are determined to change this.
a similar approach could be taken for tb and ncds.
one is the sheer cost-effectiveness of public programs.
this development dilemma points to the third factor: ineffectual politics.
progress since then has been limited.
the north should realize this and make a wise choice.
technology travels fast and is swiftly adopted.
with that one stroke, thailand’s popularly elected government fell.
that makes them more frightening than ordinary criminals.
or consider international aid in the area of health.
american airports are as dire as british ones, maybe worse.
that should not be surprising.
any attempt to do so would devastate uk businesses.
real improvements in energy efficiency can be very expensive.
so it has to be checked by inoculation.
it needs only the opportunity to prove itself.
but “genocide” it is not.
indians are proud to say kashmiris are our fellow citizens.
once the soviet union's demise made it possible, they joined.
critics might cite the moral-hazard risk generated by liquidity support.
achieving this will of course require huge investments.
it is about making capitalist competition fairer and, ultimately, stronger.
european policy makers thus have cause for concern.
for starters, data collaboratives can improve situational and causal analysis.
when in prussia, she preferred hers "wolf's lair" forest headquarters.
beijing – what is the big story of our age?
about 1.1 million came to germany alone in 2015.
argentina and brazil are not spain and portugal.
continued isolation will mean generations of misery.
in the beginning, replication concerned only rna molecules.
such changes would undoubtedly be useful.
nowhere is this reality more visible than in uzbekistan.
chile is no exception.
these things can change.
more important than short-run cycles, however, are long-run trends.
how far will the twins push their idea?
we must ensure that “all” includes refugees.
summits for him are more engine than caboose.
it lacks legitimacy and its members are unknown.
in chile, an obvious suspect is monopoly abuses.
that means education policy, too, must become challenge-driven.
like george w.
of course, such norms are helpful.
when will china achieve quality growth?
terrorism bred in iraq will not stay there.
the answer must have something to do with the thought-spectrum.
fiscal deficits must be cut to reduce debt levels.
on paper, the eu effort looks impressive.
until september 11 th , it had never been activated.
but commercial firms are not philanthropies.
some even call for establishing a us-china g-2.
these events were closely watched in washington and brussels.
but poverty and ignorance can thwart even the best intentions.
the kim regime’s actions obviously merit consideration.
until this point, neither china nor taiwan expressed objections.
should we affirm affirmative action?
case closed, according to some advocates of pricey investments.
but malmö’s problems are not unique to sweden.
washington, dc – what should a “green” city look like?
energy became cheaper, and usage increased as a result.
of course, this trend may not last forever.
overall, the ideologues of the market economy are probably right.
there are few new faces or ideas on the horizon.
ultimately, everybody got ukraine wrong.
and, as the economists david autor, david dorn, lawrence f.
the g20 has led the way on the international level.
then there is climate change.
butlers, bakers, and capitalists?
this time, the descent has been far milder.
everything was prohibited, locked, and guarded.
nor would innovation by one company help.
the refrain is recurring with china today.
as a result, the mission broke down.
but there are other gender targets to consider.
consider something not involving stock trading.
bush won the presidency.
the history of broken promises goes back much further.
how large will the devaluation of the neo-drachma be?
sperling is not nearly so well known as summers.
we have avoided tough decisions for decades.
but we can build on the gains made last year.
marriage was now him only option.
yet the problem extends beyond schooling.
history will judge berlusconi’s actions, but italians remain divided.
from a uk perspective, the ftt is highly unattractive.
it is not clear whence hassett is getting hers data.
today, american culture feels all-pervasive.
other groups fight corruption in their own countries.
according to india’s food minister, k.v.
but the ideal was a combination of the two.
historical change cannot be undone.
the lima conference had two goals.
america will suffer under trump.
in germany, tax revenues are redistributed between the länder.
the adjustment that needs to take place is blocked.
the military and the muslim brotherhood divide power between themselves.
is russia weak?
changes in technology permit a remarkable leapfrogging in economic activity.
uncertainty is a cunning force in nature and lived experience.
leaders can thus be made prisoners in their own countries.
china is widely accused of mixing economics with politics.
acting to organize consumers locally, nationally, regionally, and globally might.
my daughter has grown up.
four other ministries went to pro-revolution and islamist figures.
that does not rule out economic reform.
but at what cost?
effective global cooperation requires much more.
they forbid libel and fraud.
professional opinion in macroeconomics is, as always, in disarray.
even within countries, massive inequalities remain.
either way, victory is not around the corner.
russian military procurement, it claims, has plummeted.
this does not require us to reinvent the wheel.
for that, we should be grateful.
so the policy focus would be on long-term reforms.
i am left with several sentiments.
the reinhart/rogoff affair was not just an academic quibble.
but the health care market is not an ordinary market.
conditions in gaza are harsh and the population does suffer.
but macron’s diplomatic overture is more like nixon in reverse.
keynes was not averse to changing hers mind.
but the commission’s boldness is justified.
of course, statements and intentions may not be identical.
our boys and young men are unable to relax.
moreover, xi is deploying cutting-edge technology to reinforce hers dictatorship.
thereafter, we will see how europe’s financial markets evolve.
like marx, he believed that profits resulted from labor's exploitation.
so this is not ukraine’s war.
benign neglect will lead to unwanted reminders.
a number of independents will complete the legislative roster.
twenty years on, we know this was not to be.
internally, it needs to combine its services more closely.
this is not a sustainable approach.
if the terms were excessively one-sided, the deal would collapse.
the episode greatly strengthened anti-americanism in europe.
arresting the spread of hiv/aids is the sixth option.
europe's love of target zones is not innocent.
resource constraints are compounded by a lack of research.
and capital markets allocate resources in pursuit of profits.
the opening of peace talks with al qaida?
national agendas have often taken priority over cooperation.
corruption is one of africa's endemic problems.
cutting spending now will weaken the economy.
for starters, the rupee is in near free-fall.
the world has fundamentally changed.
if johnson loses, brexit will be delayed and probably canceled.
but blaming drug companies is too easy a response.
in global finance, the dollar is king.
growth is sluggish, amplifying alarmingly high youth unemployment.
algiers – the future of sudan hangs in the balance.
immigration is another phenomenon that must be carefully managed.
barcelona: espańa va bien (spain is doing well).
germany may have to do the same at some stage.
or look at indonesia.
how long this education might take was anybody’s guess.
but that effort did not turn out entirely as planned.
in fact, in the second half of 2010, nothing happened.
what a majority of british voters want is considered irrelevant.
berlin – germany has made its choice.
rarely has the economic picture been so confusing.
when the gun is pointed?
things can certainly get grim.
many regulations play this standard-setting role.
trump vows to “bring back” manufacturing jobs to the us.
that share dwarfs the contribution of other major economies.
we could multiply such examples endlessly.
all of these reasons for failure remain valid today.
neither group feels adequately represented in karzai's councils.
their third responsibility is to ensure financial stability.
uncertainty, too, can fuel a more pessimistic assessment of trends.
but the mismatch is less severe than some observers believe.
but, like her campaign, the speech was short on specifics.
decisions made during us president george w.
bush’s two terms in office offer an illuminating contrast.
moreover, german politicians rarely heed the advice of german economists.
already, natural disasters are becoming more frequent and intense.
the government, she hints, will correct similar flaws.
cambridge: another crisis, another government.
so, no, “that climate thing” can’t wait.
it must continue to do so.
fortunately, china is promoting a major domestic expansion.
the us has negotiated free-trade agreements with 20 countries.
it’s not just coffee that is in danger.
we will most likely hear from her soon.
building resilience demands a cross-cutting approach.
what is true about individuals is even truer of groups.
so intellectual capture is a charge hard to refute.
but financial claims in greece are denominated in euros.
it should not expect a different outcome.
so hidebound conservatives run russian universities.
this must change.
unfortunately, the year ahead will bring little relief.
consider the collapse of lehman brothers.
even so, there are positive trends.
but policy ideas are not campaign soundbites.
calling this a ponzi scheme might be too harsh.
why climb mount everest?
these variables are related to living longer, too.
but to embrace it would be a grave strategic error.
we all pay a price when inequality reaches new heights.
one (unstated) difference is about money.
during president george w.
a third example is the absence of independent policy-research organizations.
in the early 1990s, then-us president george h.w.
in fact, across the eu, the opposite often is true.
over time, manufacturing ceded its place to services.
they may confront a magic crocodile.
saving the oceans should not be an afterthought.
in some cases, that means much longer.
in this way everyone benefits.
this great twentieth century myth has now been shattered.
then again, it could be worse.
who will protect the weakest?
so far, global capitalism is surviving, but with great difficulty.
in fact, there was no miracle.
how will mass migration affect countries' cultural heritage?
this blinkered view may simply reflect ignorance.
no policymaker can be complacent.
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting him into my classroom.
seizing the center
take price increases.
moreover, britain is not alone.
every american president since john f.
princeton – an information war has erupted around the world.
most importantly, i know the farmers do, too.
a total of 65 people have died.
it is not perfect.
otherwise, an end date for poverty will remain elusive.
stabilization is typically followed by a short honeymoon.
child brides have an enormous unmet need for contraception.
the stable-coin myth
and the worst is yet to come.
what will this require?
clearly, french and german politics are on different emotional trajectories.
but eu institutions have not been entirely inactive.
but they are reacting to the current situation.
the answer is clearly no.
it is 23 years since world war ii’s end.
increasing dependence on energy imports was often cited as evidence.
i know they can’t predict earthquakes.
but wage growth will not occur without policy stimulus.
britain failed to put in place an effective competition policy.
it started, incidentally, with an enormous wave of optimism.
the scale of the ttip is enormous.
economic means – like the aiib – are one possibility.
similar laws are enforced in more than 20 countries.
the continent certainly needs to pay heed.
we will need committed leaders both inside and outside syria.
president john f.
instead the “will of the people” has been invoked.
there are many options in designing such a policy.
the facts concerning his case must be independently verified.
its goals are to maximize profit and minimize risk.
but whose consumption?
facebook claims to have improved its privacy protections.
none of these factors exist in the realm of intelligence.
when budgetary resources are needed, things move more slowly.
truth, not punishment, was to bring about healing.
doomsday for the dollar?
but it chose not to.
is china really immune to the crisis?
paris – global problems are rarely straightforward.
modern history provides us with some famous examples.
but they liked what they saw.
rabin and mr.
where will these jobs be?
other strategic actresses must also be taken into account.
international politics is witnessing exceptional and far-reaching change.
then robert solow and moses abramovitz challenged this near-consensus.
the economics profession bears part of the blame for this.
but there is no other choice.
i even saw some interaction among patients themselves.
technological advances could still come to the rescue.
but a social-business dollar is immortal.
the principle is simple.
in an age of extremes, how can peace be achieved?
and, of course, healthier mothers have healthier children.
the kaesong industrial region has had special symbolic resonance.
imagine, someday you might actually prefer digital to human operators.
but china has 1.3 billion people.
real change would require a significantly different approach.
revolutionary conditions often give rise to previously unknown leaders.
there are also ideas to address speculative swings.
poland has reiterated its commitment to adopting the euro.
the affirmative answer seems to depend on two separate claims.
i doubt i ever will again.
indeed, the ratio has fallen back to 2003 levels.
these developments seem to add to global inequality.
once lost, it is difficult to regain.
while britain slept, the aussies played in the sunshine.
the united nations seems more paralyzed than ever.
during europe's cold war division, that gap widened considerably.
but it will be difficult to move forward without one.
how convincing is that answer today?
but what are we to make of his compulsory retirement?
what else can we expect in the 2013?
these new rules have certainly pushed transaction costs higher.
should governments recapitalize or nationalize banks?
america leads the world in monetary-policy ambition.
so far, moon has done that.
this is both an opportunity and a danger.
if that happens, we will all know who lost thailand.
the implication of this position is profound and shocking.
the first step is exposure.
it must learn to act as a benign hegemon.
the dangers of zealous anti-semitic attacks on israel are obvious.
but this assumes perfect rationality.
but, despite these trumpeted results, the reality is much harsher.
this month’s massive rally in istanbul was a rare exception.
these projects will not be realized immediately.
like chaudhuri, kagan is an engaging writer.
the rules, frankly, are too pro-cyclical.
there was also mayhem following the indian ocean tsunami.
the treatment options for tb have scarcely evolved in decades.
europe is following a similar path.
how much awareness she has is in dispute.
but doing so will take time.
jews fared best under leftist governments.
cambridge – countries are poor because governments are corrupt.
for the most part, such initiatives never engage local students.
today, the successful campaign against isis seems pyrrhic, at best.
weak protagonists make poor participants in peace negotiations.
it is an understanding that these policies are deeply misguided.
wealth is as grossly distributed as ever.
is this right?
roosevelt knew how to inspire the patriotism of working men.
fifth, terrorism is undermining state building.
there is no magic bullet for today’s crisis.
this trend is likely to continue in 2011 and beyond.
that scam was exposed during the financial crisis.
turkey does have a nascent nuclear energy program.
estonia, poland, and slovenia have prospered; russia has not.
trains should run on time.
nor will the emergence of another providential figure come easily.
that is very good news indeed.
first, who qualifies as an oligarch?
that might create a sense of real risk.
two facts stand out.
civil-society actors can and should make their respective governments uncomfortable.
and the status quo is in urgent need of change.
saudi arabia’s fears about iraq are driven by security concerns.
but this is not just an emerging-economy problem.
this may seem to be the most stable solution.
thankfully, it has strong prospects in both areas.
suddenly there were no delays, no strikes, no bad manners.
pupil-teacher ratios have also fallen.
fighting poverty is a non-negotiable objective.
no such deregulatory zeal is evident in europe.
the economy also has changed, and mostly for the better.
this constitutes a remarkable advance in global governance.
why are we (if, indeed, we are) getting fatter?
a civilized exchange of ideas and information is impossible.
but it is europe’s only option.
then molina herself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
and yet halting the payments did not stabilize german politics.
but crises invariably create opportunities.
perhaps no answer can satisfy them.
compound the two problems and you have world-class income disparities.
can it be done?
there are three reasons for this outsize impact.
turkey’s “zero problems” problem
the list goes on.
musharraf denounced her statements.
the resulting insecurity affects the way men farm.
concerns have been raised about the influx of cheap labor.
start with greece.
for many, the root cause is growing economic inequality.
and some presidents have indeed done great things.
biases are often not explicit or visible.
our country’s global standing depends on it.
hers current job is a different story.
they will have no social security to fall back on.
unfortunately, the continent is not well positioned for these challenges.
specific segments of society can be displaced, marginalized, and alienated.
the law also weakened the protection of journalists' sources.
so, let’s go back to good old tariff negotiations.
for some, this is not a concern.
but from a technological perspective, the timing was perfect.
paris – what does it mean to be “civilized”?
the young are particularly vulnerable to this.
the same applies to rice.
indeed, yale university historian timothy d.
that is bad news for everyone – especially germans.
medvedev and the siloviki heartily dislike each other.
can us policymakers achieve this bare minimum?
but its top-down design hampers its effectiveness.
could they have a stand-alone palestinian sesame street?
islamic monuments, including some of timbuktu’s glories, were destroyed.
government employees include teachers, policemen, trash collectors, and military personnel.
equally clearly, austerity is inappropriate when unemployment is high.
cuba could of course borrow from bilateral creditors.
the danger of a new arms race looms large.
the fight against terrorism is also at stake.
there are three problems with this approach.
so far, however, this goal has proved elusive.
herein lies the most convincing explanation for british decline.
it happened before.
water consumption rose nine-fold and energy use thirteen-fold.
it will not be easy.
yet the approach is not unprecedented.
in short, cities make trade possible.
all of this is fine for those who practice nepotism.
we need not wait for the politicians.
in january, there will be elections in iraq.
and there is no alternative to be seen without america.
but a careful look at these data is less reassuring.
securities took the place of traditional bank credits.
this leaves the us in a difficult position.
an eleventh served as a pilot.
so khodorkovsky was targeted.
the obvious conclusion is that austerity is not the answer.
what is to be done?
other small advanced countries also have lessons to offer.
but most indians regard slumdog millionaire as an exception.
taking back globalization
i disagree.
true, consensus is important, because it provides credibility and legitimacy.
the us has already announced its strategic reorientation to asia.
here, the un secretary-general must shoulder significant responsibility.
china’s leadership is, ultimately, pragmatic.
to be sure, economic deficiencies still abound in mexico.
hers strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
the same goes for other kinds of weather events.
both were right to do so.
why forbid owning songbirds?
a cooling-off period is necessary.
but, though necessary, such measures will not resolve the crisis.
what’s happening to the us economy?
but since when does one pay taxes on embezzled funds?
decision time will soon be unavoidable.
the reform treaty’s shortcomings are obvious.
as the oecd has shown, “non-standard” work is proliferating globally.
how would a unified korea affect attitudes in japan?
but what happens then to the baltics and ukraine?
but that is not my explanation of europe's problem.
or so they say in public.
so mercantilist pressures will likely intensify in the advanced countries.
holbrooke hastily brought our delegation together for a quick parley.
in most other western countries, social solidarity looms much larger.
the ecb, however, has not been equipped with this mandate.
that demand must be abandoned.
the international community has not matched words with deeds.
not only anti-europeans rejected the constitution; far from it.
yet even in japan, monetary policy could stimulate spending.
south korea could help by pursuing inter-korean cooperation.
indeed, they encourage more vigorous screening programs.
it comes nearly 20 years after my first.
but declarations are one thing and reality is another.
mismanage the process, and the consequences could be unimaginable.
these trends have spurred considerable political anxiety in destination countries.
no one volunteered.
but much information is simply noise.
for starters, it limits the size of the consumer base.
a shift to recorded lectures is only one example.
last year, china’s capital-account deficit amounted to some $200 billion.
that is a keynesian ambition, but can it be accomplished?
but what if there is no money to offer?
they appeared taken aback.
no holes, no fungi, no mycotoxins.
but the situation on the economic front is more mixed.
freedom and public security are not irreconcilable opposites.
but google’s plan had a catch.
though unlikely, hers barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
but creating such a system would take time.
she didn’t get it.
solidarity’s campaign was all chutzpah.
similarly, europe needs to fix its deeper structural problems.
of course, not all swf’s favor strategic investments, i.e.
taking controlling stakes in the acquired firms.
most pakistanis hope so.
but the key moment has already arrived.
in bolivia and ecuador, immediate re-election is already possible.
“we can’t waste time,” he says.
but, by standing together, european officials could win that battle.
what are the “synergies”?
beyond that, borrell will face three challenges.
then there is the us federal reserve board.
no other country is in the same situation.
mckinsey is advising governments on how to do it right.
finding the right balance will not be easy.
each component is essential.
history proved the conventional wisdom wrong.
we are entering the post-iraq era of american foreign policy.
he was notorious for refusing to build strong institutions.
it was not always this way.
but the assumption is simplistic, at best.
but senegal’s long-established democracy not only survived; it emerged strengthened.
and the world bank’s silence is deafening.
both pakistan and north korea took that path.
cities, then, represent the most important development challenge of all.
coordination of fiscal policies indeed, can be counterproductive.
this should change.
but, ultimately, economic growth can benefit from well-designed green policies.
why should it be any different in financial markets?
but governance is not a zero-sum game.
without internationally verifiable accurate measurements, the credits will be worthless.
more scientists do not mean more discoveries.
it is no use denigrating voters’ anger.
the spokesman for the international relations committee of the u.s.
the very poor typically do not own big diesel-chugging vehicles.
the european neighborhood policy must be made more flexible.
he gave evidence at the trial.
most iraqis cannot opt for local integration, either.
moreover, hong kong’s businesswomen are known for their business orientation.
a few years ago this would have doomed roh's candidacy.
strains and stresses paled when compared to the soviet threat.
it’s hard to imagine a better bargain.
the us remains the major obstacle.
other factors are helping, too.
meanwhile, local governments’ leverage continues to rise.
that is not a theory or an empirical regularity.
after all, both are large, continental, and diverse economies.
these and other similar initiatives help in two ways.
russia must make a choice.
will light-speed trading deliver us to free-market nirvana?
elegans and drosophila (the fruit fly).
on paper, kenya clearly has the edge.
what seemed a trifle outrageous then is now painfully real.
but this simply is not credible.
third, sensible solutions require international energy cooperation.
but prices have moved mostly downward since then.
but, in the us, that market exemption is very limited.
thus far, though, no such us initiative has been forthcoming.
xenophobic populism is on the rise in europe.
in addition, china may be approaching an economic transition.
will the yellow vests reject the brown shirts?
more important, wind is cheaper only when the wind blows.
growth and inflation in the eurozone remain much too weak.
this is just a pretense.
why talk to iran?
yes, it still could all end very badly.
this is mostly the case in europe.
1929 or 1989?
but the impact ended there.
a new cold war could all too easily turn hot.
new york – the eccentric bengali intellectual nirad c.
clearly, the playing field with mnes should be leveled.
what next after failed sanctions on iran?
it happened in the us.
but privatized russian firms are primarily owned by insiders.
hence, fu’s insistence that china can do nothing to help.
no election, they fear, would endanger their soldiers.
in fact, germany’s shift is vital and long overdue.
and, finally, where are the many old republican lions?
this is true not only with respect to ukraine.
but now we must ensure that it is implemented.
one is through voter apathy.
the message was sobering.
chinese democracy still has a long, hard road before it.
this approach would significantly transform america’s longer-run fiscal prospects.
they benefited from limiting competition and controlling access to finance.
but such institutions are rarely self-sufficient.
household consumption is unlikely to pick up the slack.
but such techniques are rather inefficient.
this would shift the risk entirely off the government’s books.
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by his unsavory character.
to call this an overreaction would be a gross understatement.
obama is not a failed president.
virtually nobody is betting on this way forward.
most chastened of all were the bankers.
seattle – vaccines work wonders.
the choice will depend on the characteristics of the country.
the jews, the defense claimed, do not constitute a race.
but deaths are hard to explain away.
was his intention to deceive?
that shift, however, has now come into view.
the britain of 1950 would be unrecognizable to them.
it is the price of past profligacy.
president george w.
it made for a disturbing flight.
europe has issues that are similar, or worse.
but, in practice, it faces two formidable challenges.
and yet the quality of education is deplorable.
but what really matters is legitimacy and informed public opinion.
one such turning point was the industrial revolution.
global trade wars are rare.
as an ethnic sindhi, i feel an affinity to both.
modern monetary realism
in a sense, the tables have turned.
thus do accounting rules approach perfection.
this leaves three unpalatable options.
he helped a women’s group.
the first era was not an unqualified success.
as a result, a global financing mechanism is crucial.
they did not know how to get it out.
both responses miss the mark.
there can be no return to the status quo ante.
second, infrastructure needs to be developed to connect national markets.
moreover, dalits are increasingly refusing to dispose of cow carcasses.
africa also benefits from generous research-related aid and international support.
food should not be used to fuel cars, opponents insist.
this fundamental shift necessitates a new economic model.
that illusion coexisted happily with a lack of imagination.
we must do it.
evolutionary psychologists and even some neuroscientists say that is nonsense.
yet it has endured and thrived.
yes, that sounds shocking.
its cultural manifestations also appeared to be novel.
but this is worrisome for two reasons.
the issue is far from academic.
what about the possibility of endangering lives?
it is perhaps a beginning.
the fund has been notable mainly for its silence.
an absence of elections certainly implies an absence of democracy.
true, nationalism hasn’t won the war.
but glass-steagall didn’t stop there.
compare that with only $17 in the united states!
bush in the wake of the 2001 slowdown.
even power itself is more fragmented than ever.
president george h.
trump’s plan to put america first may sound straightforward.
existing prescriptions for saving the eurozone will not work.
technology has helped close the gap in recent years.
others, such as margaret a.
sanctions have undoubtedly been painful for north korea.
who will bear the brunt of isis’s desperation?
but funding is only part of the problem.
so why hasn’t more adjustment taken place already?
africa’s recent coups have taken place in small countries.
but people were willing to give him a chance.
nor has the us space shuttle accomplished its goals.
unfortunately, it is a tool that few countries are using.
scientists are taking two approaches.
both john mccain and george w.
reforms to the pact in 2011 have tightened the screws.
now, with more perspective, we should reconsider this classification.
its current account is sliding into an ever-deeper deficit hole.
moreover, different communities prioritize human rights differently.
in either case, everyone seems to lose out.
this problem is most obvious when drafting international labor standards.
of the adult population, about one in seven have hiv/aids.
third, the parliamentary majority must formally acknowledge lahoud’s illegitimacy.
this state of affairs is jeopardizing the entire economy.
food prices are rising now.
otherwise, you are stealing from the buyer.
deflation that emanates from the financial sector is lethal.
these efforts have been supported by increasingly effective development assistance.
that seeming passivity is now hers greatest problem.
in survival: one health, one planet, one future, george r.
elinor ostrom passed away on june 12, 2012.
but abu mazen's real power has yet to be tested.
but the reality argues otherwise.
on the right, the disaster is just now cresting.
the last thing china needs is more fiscal stimulus.
the eu urgently needs a new approach.
protected professions were deregulated.
this is unlikely to be the best metric.
that is why gandhi’s protests had some effect.
but one can never be too careful.
what kind of relations should nato have with its partners?
where have the people been all these years?
she helped a women’s group.
for many opponents of coal, the issue is global warming.
employers, meanwhile, are linchpins during a crisis.
the dutch troops will have to come home.
in a new paper, “a decade of debt,” carmen m.
zero risk does not exist.
there are three possibilities.
some of the reasons that people value nature are universal.
he was contained, like a jackal in a cage.
the result is a dangerous paradox.
the ultra-rich are an ultra-mobile group, too.
a full, free, and fair election?
but bosnia was an important war in history.
what lies ahead will not be easy.
i should know.
but the sense of relief was premature.
when food is scarce, people share.
in the aggregate, however, they affect huge numbers of people.
progress usually occurs incrementally, bit by bit.
they did not.
from tel aviv to jerusalem, luxurious penthouses are multiplying.
they will persist regardless of how any leader fared.
but words do matter, as churchill knew well.
momentous, sure – but china is not yet a superpower.
even better, this optimism may have some basis in reality.
capacity nor will to mount an offensive war.
putin has essentially nationalized russia’s elites.
evidently, differences of culture and circumstances abound.
and we know what needs to be done.
russia in reverse
a better, more active approach is needed.
but the growth rate of investment is too high.
employee mobility is also mired in bureaucracy and costly paperwork.
“a rising tide lifts all boats,” conservatives like to say.
but tung was a tone-deaf political leader.
the next epidemic could be just around the corner.
putin built hers authority on direct contact with russian society.
the iffed would not be a handout.
russia and iran will continue to fight isis as well.
but, of course, korea will join and pay the price.
financial markets have applauded the ecb’s recent decisions.
that is why ukraine’s crisis is a european crisis.
florence – major economic crises are inevitably also structural milestones.
in fact, they are in the nature of swindles.
rich and lean streams are blended there.
soon, this will also be true of driving a vehicle.
of course, such initiatives cost money.
success is possible.
prices will, after all, still be going up and down.
but such success stories have not deterred the project’s critics.
the curtain call truly belonged to beethoven, kant, and merkel.
for starters, there is rollover risk.
applied learning is the key to the post-confucian states’ success.
blair over iraq.
multiple forces are driving the increase in market power.
defend the stability and growth pact.
they have even experimented with homegrown ideologies--nasserism, ba'athism, and khomeinism.
as with china, these concerns are overblown.
but this is exactly what is happening.
but harper’s re-election suggests otherwise.
reporters were tasked with discrediting accusers.
i believe it is not.
after all, president dwight d.
the brexit project has been incoherent from the start.
xi carries a huge burden on his shoulders.
fructose also influences dietary sugar consumption.
in 2002, president george w.
their ceos are not paid to worry about climate change.
i myself once witnessed putin courting culture.
there are various theories regarding why this shift occurred.
bush's chief economic advisor, this is not rocket science.
who benefits from false climate solutions?
china’s rise is momentous, but it also signifies a return.
it is possible to engineer a more responsible digital future.
new york – fifteen years after george w.
here, too, poverty plays a disproportionate role.
but the ibm team had not cheated.
private companies, not the state, generate russian growth.
and why is it directed at japan?
these countries’ attitude reflects that of the arabs themselves.
life is a little less secure for russia’s rich.
that is what most sex workers want as well.
but the us is rightly cautious.
so political turmoil with russia and europe might be calmed.
they also prepared special herbs for use as disinfectants.
but, as of now, that threat is not existential.
of course, russia partly belongs to this region.
true, for the moment, the problem is still economically manageable.
through it all, the government has appeared clueless.
of course, there are also new challenges.
that world is long gone.
have the costs of brexit been overblown?
that may not last, but nor can it be ignored.
first, opening an economy bids up the price of talent.
most of them are in africa.
coastlines are shrinking.
refugees are entrepreneurs.
these “optics” can be of great importance.
the polish economy last experienced a full-year contraction in 1991.
above all, it cannot make a bad policy work.
who knows what the columbine killers thought they were doing.
the country’s growth has been nothing short of miraculous.
in fact, this estimate is wildly optimistic.
china’s economy is being held hostage by real-estate investment.
japan, i believe, is that kind of country.
if elected, park will become south korea’s first male president.
wherever one looks, chaos seems to be ascendant.
but when they are not, a conflict inevitably ensues.
in my judgment, such rates would be too low.
what if they are wrong?
the same does not apply to full currency convertibility.
and they succeeded.
eastern europeans’ gratitude lies elsewhere.
yet technology will be only part of the story.
it harms no one, and should not be penalized.
part of the reason must be economic.
but so far it has not.
the 18-month clock is ticking.
givenhis background, she surely excels in that area.
fortunately, there is much that can be done.
2004
but his tactic could easily backfire.
human nature – ego and/or arrogance – does the rest.
new haven – by now, it’s an all-too-familiar drill.
alas, this, too, is europe.
no surprise, then, that #presidentbannon has been trending on twitter.
meanwhile, turkey’s immediate security threats would be exacerbated.
it is impossible to airbrush turkey out of european history.
but now the bloom is off the rose.
but egypt, too, has followed a defining regional pattern.
and yet debate about these issues has remained wide open.
such misinformation programs succeed for a reason.
clearly, the wrong bankers are addressing the cypriot debt problem.
the damage continued under subsequent, democratic administrations.
first, the fundamentals.
no solution is without weaknesses, though.
there is no german equivalent of google or facebook.
his political future may depend on it.
many people, including president john f.
next time could be an even worse horror show.
but it’s not all doom and gloom.
europeans are also rightly worried about economic issues.
so let’s look at hers deeds.
there is also a domestic dimension to policy.
a robust international nuclear safety action plan is being implemented.
even my mother couldn’t make peace between them.
the topic du jour was debt.
but he also had to maintain his intellectual integrity.
the first strategy is short sighted and the second odious.
this cannot go on forever.
there is no real alternative.
that is a serious global issue.
many commentators underestimate the prime minister’s powers.
does extreme poverty breed violence and ultimately revolution?
but the anpp is also in disarray.
the markets have noticed this transatlantic difference in regulatory cycles.
but at some point, a real market correction will arrive.
it also makes bashing the central bank much easier.
serious, long-term economic consequences would follow.
containment against libya was not appeasement.
to understand what is happening, we need a new paradigm.
surprisingly, however, many american colleges are also discriminating against women.
the best defense against pathogens is a strong immune system.
from a fiscal perspective, the case is similarly balanced.
one promising opportunity lies in knowledge-intensive services.
the nazis did it to the jews.
ankara – turkey’s wider neighborhood is engulfed in crises.
who wants to deregulate finance?
why is this important?
he will thus pass the war on to his successor.
she never returned to hers cell.
despite the headlines, violent conflict is on the wane.
but climate change is not going to wait.
but the book contained other, non-market, examples as well.
she appears soft on immigration.
their physiological responses to self-generated sensations are not being reduced.
such a grand strategy would focus on four major threats.
but it was the liberals who delivered egypt from authoritarianism.
"stability above all else," as the official slogan goes.
but much remains unknown.
manila – we live on a parched planet.
a fossil-free economy can happen by design or by default.
why should nationality be defined by language or ethnicity?
they could not obtain bank financing.
the years of easy popularity are over.
growth decreased and then it stopped.
indeed, some tax collectors were met with violence.
the philippine government’s quick, effective response saved many lives.
digital monies present us with a massive challenge.
the large presence of overseas investors is the cause here.
but the question remains: are the north koreans serious?
but such explanations are unconvincing.
besides being unjust, this is deeply tragic.
what unites us is vastly greater than what divides us.
the market will rise to the challenge.
while that mistake cannot be reversed, it can be rectified.
– they will respond with traditional gallic stubbornness.
none will be easy.
they were taken because mr.
europe and the g8 must act.
more public funds would make a difference.
because share prices, therefore, cannot possibly affect the macro-economy, mr.
reality and stereotype reinforce each other in a reflexive fashion.
but johnson is too smart to care.
these pegged rates were not immutable.
consider the data.
for years, conservatives and liberals alike underestimated thatcherism.
but progress here has been uneven.
what enabled bretton woods?
it should not be allowed to take their educations, too.
we see these pressures every day in the marketplace.
the prevailing skepticism about immigration is not wholly unfounded.
relations with the eu have gained significant momentum.
by contrast, the kingdom has no problematic history with pakistan.
currency forecasting is a mug’s game.
demographic constraints are tightening.
dangerous financial systems pose big fiscal risks.
the turks, they think, will fatalistically accept any snub.
they have social responsibilities, and they know it.
at best, it is a mixed record.
instead, the industry must re-invent itself.
foreigners, by contrast, do neither.
since 2001, the kirchners have ruled with a siege mentality.
and, indeed, countries are already pushing back.
“never again” in kenya?
the heyday of activist fiscal policy was a half-century ago.
that all changed after the 2008 global financial crisis.
but there is nothing about ai that requires this outcome.
promote china’s traditional civilization with strengthened spiritual ties.
another key target should be the bonyads (charitable foundations).
they should now put those tools to use.
global climate cooperation is more urgent than ever.
at first, virtually all drug companies would have negative scores.
but is it?
but he is also depicting how people create their heroes.
brussels – italy is making international headlines again.
the eu must not kowtow to hers demands.
second, bernanke is the best among hers peers.
not surprisingly, the proposal was quickly shelved.
in such circumstances, liberal democracy and security are in tension.
us relations with mexico or china will not change much.
the lower the target, the more deflation they must bear.
this is where the proposed uk scheme differs.
this is the stuff of dictatorship, not democracy.
compulsory voting is not unique to australia.
a roosevelt moment for america’s megabanks?
but while prestige may not be nourishing, it is sustaining.
first, this is how trade wars work.
it is in fact, to quote t.s.
in terms of health economics, sanders’s proposal makes sense.
but patching broken things can work for only so long.
does it mean greco-roman, or christian, or even judeo-christian?
but the question remains how.
so far, implementation has been slow.
it should begin in serbia and montenegro as well.
its goal is respect, not dominance.
i strongly recommended that nuclear weapons be used.
why has france fallen into this trap?
the green potential within eu spending has already taken root.
the diplomatic promotion of palestine offered her a lifeline.
the first candidate is, of course, iraq.
the g2 idea was always foolish.
globalization, therefore, has resulted in both economic and political polarization.
it is unfair to dismiss concerns about globalization as unfounded.
ruthless leaders mobilize disoriented followers.
this kind of virulent populism thrives in europe’s political vacuum.
fortunately, there is evidence that bleaching thresholds evolve.
israel’s excellent judiciary can rely on him full support.
global cooperation has been key to managing the financial crisis.
but those days are probably over.
yet problems remain.
but investors and policymakers don’t believe it yet.
in the 1990s, saddam hussein replaced this poster boy.
istanbul – iranian president hassan rouhani’s charm offensive has stalled.
in most cases, the two chains of command are aligned.
as daron acemoglu and james a.
these polarized positions reflect an uncomfortable reality.
more than two-thirds thought extreme poverty has increased.
the peace process was collapsing throughout my teenage years.
that said, there are two caveats.
a red cockatoo.
the result was not what i expected.
the numbers are alarming.
for stock markets, the difference may be important.
similarly, property rights are critical to environmental protection.
for the crisis of 1997-98 brought asians closer together.
they are not just the future, but also the present.
a global food crisis.
then there’s the issue of trustworthiness.
but it could be very bad for european reform.
what is to be done?
countries joined; none left.
unfortunately for europe’s boosters, the facts are unambiguous.
the proof is in the data.
countries are already seizing the moment.
for example, george w.
the bubbles burst, quickly bringing down japan’s unbalanced economy.
populist movements harvest that ambivalence and discontent.
machinery lowers the cost of work.
instead, the generational divide shows up in electoral participation.
or thought we could live without them?
discovering what works in any one country requires experimentation.
it is less able, however, to withstand looming budget cuts.
paris – whatever happened to the “arab spring”?
what could help are ai-based solutions, such as chatbots.
secretary of state hillary clinton represented the united states.
a respectable outcome, but not an enormous amount.
abdul nour moves in his usual circles unmolested.
but it is not irreplaceable.
germany and japan were, indeed, postwar success stories.
i don't think it is that simple.
recipes for making nuclear bombs are techniques, not ideas.
but only a third of them turned out.
what about industrial tariffs?
without opportunity, children are vulnerable to extremists and radicalization.
this is perhaps the most enduring feature of american power.
of course, any number of things can go wrong.
why should they change systems that proved so resilient?
what should a government's priorities be in its education budget?
yet both transitions still took nearly a decade.
not all gulf countries have been impermeable to change.
but attention is neither a currency nor a commodity.
there are four lessons of that great success.
what, then, explains the strong economic performance?
who is right?
fallacy 3: current global imbalances will continue to afflict us.
“finally, we must ensure that this darkness never descends again.
surely, at some point those numbers become unsustainable.
but that doesn’t mean it will be easy.
but is diplomatic convenience really so important?
terrorism has destroyed their homelands.
but europe rose to the occasion.
such pessimism is unwarranted.
it is the same in health care.
furthermore, globalization is in fact fragile – and increasingly so.
the skewed incentives distorted our economy and our society.
“our government is the biggest thief,” she explains.
if they succeed, the knowledge spillovers will benefit us all.
so, which is it going to be?
it is also bound to push their exchange rates up.
not every us president has followed wilson’s lead.
his words were prophetic.
all organizations need to be perceived as legitimate.
whatever form it takes, greater boldness is clearly needed.
he even equated the israelis with the nazis.
this is an acid test.
two possible scenarios remain.
the first is lack of financing.
this contraction has become even more severe since then.
heroes come, heroes go.
in the u.k.
finding one is a priority.
but, throughout europe, the refugees faced rejection.
data breaches are not a fact of modern life.
today, liberal candidates cannot even get into the duma.
its male professors and students roam in objectionable dresses.
it is no longer just one side against the other.
new fixed-income instruments, such as inflation-indexed bonds, will help.
diversified management means better management.
the additional financing required is modest.
is the question too sensitive for science to explore?
the result produced tens of thousands of nuclear warheads.
mortality rates are down sharply in the millennium villages.
but more ominous explanations are possible.
in sum, there are tradeoffs.
this is what is required now in catalonia.
they have a point, but they grossly overstate the case.
the approach we envision is paradigmatic of innovative development finance.
we are for negotiations.
or they complain about the salaries of top government officials.
that makes some sense.
this phenomenon, too, can be blamed largely on distortionary policies.
can direct democracy defeat populism?
he was asking the wrong question.
in short, india would be back to square one.
she is right about the distraction.
how will its economic agreements with other countries be managed?
the pressure has been unrelenting and inescapable.
is he right?
it now appears that lindsey’s numbers were a gross underestimate.
deng's reforms in china generated vast increases in wealth.
the state’s political constraints thus limit its organizational effectiveness.
gents first, men last
distressed debtors need a fresh start.
but they also lead to surprises.
transition
relaxing limits on foreign investment.
the only precedent for such an achievement is china itself.
money put into reserves is income not spent.
trump’s trade policy, however, is risky.
but, with today’s dormant markets, the pickings are slim.
democracy promotion reconsidered
so what is to be done?
there are even more dramatic increases in tokyo.
a third area is trade.
let’s start with ownership of foreign resources.
this is wishful thinking.
hosni mubarak has been sacrificed to save the military regime.
piketty’s book encourages a passive response.
the culprit is poor productivity growth.
to meet them, it must first restore its international credibility.
however, this was a deeply concealed state secret.
it quickly became clear that juan easily met this threshold.
a larger question is whether the us is hopelessly divided.
tyranny is of course one of the oldest political stories.
achieving long-overdue peace and stability will be impossible without them.
but that precedent was set a long time ago.
but how long can such a situation last?
and more regulatory changes are in the works.
for starters, industrialism has become obsolete.
is he “tough" enough?
during the campaign mrs.
and we are already working to advance that objective.
petersburg to germany.
central europe has found itself in a completely new situation.
but now the future is more uncertain.
both assertions cannot be true; in reality, neither is.
obviously, leadership styles vary.
this is not pleasant to say.
the short answer is no.
unemployment will remain a major headache and preoccupation for policymakers.
what’s stopping robust recovery?
many of them seem to be of russian descent.
perhaps he is an atheist.
the use of local coal and homegrown biofuels increases fast.
the conditions that underpinned its long boom are weakening.
at first, i was happy to be in american hands.
yet the results are anemic.
the threat from al qaeda is global.
this brings us to greek debt.
the remaining multilateral institutions ought to follow the idb’s lead.
does military intervention work?
unsurprisingly, argentina’s risk premium has soared.
but that spring bloom of stability soon faded.
false triumphalism breeds poor discipline.
now is an ideal time to begin that effort.
a new cold war order?
there’s just one problem: it’s not true.
let me turn to india specifically.
kavala’s philanthropy has focused on minority rights and cultural issues.
but the price in tibet has been higher than elsewhere.
so kerry’s blandishments are directed toward the palestinians.
we would do well to listen.
neo-liberalism began to fill the vacuum.
when are public services successful?
three months ago, i would have said yes, without question.
moreover, franklin d.
that is not going to happen in the us.
can we apply any of its lessons today?
iran does not live in a great neighborhood, either.
the best that economists can do is to assess vulnerability.
but is there any chance that trump might be right?
will the economy be ready when the time comes?
simply put, we must complete the global inventory of species.
but what is the end game?
the dispute remained intractable, and dragged interminably through the courts.
unfortunately, the crisis is far from over.
in short, politics.
such enterprises are part of the commercial entertainment industry.
here, greatly improving the flow of pharmaceutical imports is vital.
indeed, he even gets to write his own history.
employment, too, seems to be performing in anomalous ways.
of course, pussy riot could hardly be classified as musicians.
but the sacrifice extends far beyond queues.
meanwhile, global difficulties remain substantial.
tolerance towards islam is cowardly appeasement in hers eyes.
and so could a sense of humor.
but tensions with the us did diminish.
this reasoning is not without justification.
it is here that environmentalists should concentrate their energies.
together with wałęsa, mazowiecki was a founder of polish independence.
many governments have already recognized this.
opponents argue that renewables are expensive and dependent on subsidies.
what caused this change?
tynda is a typical bam town.
none of that happened.
ambitious goals provide a firm foundation for a brighter future.
tung’s successor, donald tsang, was chosen reluctantly.
martha’s story is far from unique.
shanghai – in the 1940s, the british historian arnold j.
such a policy may strain us-russia relations further.
what accounts for voters’ growing revolt against the status quo?
no retaliation followed.
that claim was even more far-fetched.
others – notably spain – need to do more.
second, democratic politics balances the market.
american-style consumption offered a new model of economic development.
under george w.
to be sure, that could very well happen.
that fear is understandable, but the premise is mistaken.
by annexing crimea, he lost ukraine.
camdessus has lost his legitimacy, and he must go.
an influential moscow think tank called niccolo m.
a poor child in sweden has benefits from the start.
nationality, per se, is not a prerequisite.
was al-hanashi suicidal?
the investing community has made a serious proposal.
can japan reboot?
yet inaction is not an option.
north korea, cambodia or burma remain closed and sterile places.
this is not bravado.
europe for sale
this proposal is a game changer.
finally, the network could include innovative start-ups.
the same cannot be said for kaczyński.
the two main uncertainties involve iran and the us.
moreover, europe’s problems are no longer its own.
that won’t work.
and here, the data are even more striking.
in 1998, 100 million people over the world are connected.
egyptian men also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
stiglitz set out hers argument over a remarkable ten-year period.
adjusting for household size boosted this gain to 53%.
investment has been anemic for years.
it needn’t be so.
many other high-income countries are close.
first, capitalism is prone to disasters.
the nobel laureate ronald coase answered that question long ago.
“our nation has always been threatened from outside,” he said.
how we achieve this will vary.
the first lever is more efficient land use.
bullying has gone virtual.
clearly, more firepower is called for.
but the rate increases will and should be very small.
there is no legal justification for closing bab al-rahmeh.
erdoğan’s post-election behavior augurs more trouble in elections to come.
the name is highly misleading.
furthermore, instability confuses the policymaking process.
since george w.
and hers communist links are clear.
quite the contrary.
she is gone forever.
rage against the machine?
the choice is stark.
unfortunately, the prsps have failed to deliver.
thaksin knows this.
this is unfortunate, because global inequality is reaching intolerable levels.
there is little secret that there were discussions concerning iran.
twitter will likely implement this soon.
so why does the public support hers policies?
and secularism is nothing more than that," he argues.
it won’t let the “near abroad” countries join nato.
but they are woefully ill-equipped to do so.
· competition is spiritually demeaning.
or india and brazil, two huge countries?
many report experiencing discrimination and mistrust.
he was right.
and why should government should pay the costs anyway?
needless to say, this will be a long game.
latin america has more good news to offer.
but has europe’s financial aid brought peace any closer?
what should be the main outlines of such an alternative?
a range of institutions has echoed his warning.
a third could concern the shape of a future parliament.
· second, brazil is finally embracing the global knowledge economy.
poland should demand reciprocity and avoid risks whenever possible.
you may have heard of the jaipur foot.
but fiscal adjustment must be accompanied by structural reform.
today that is not enough.
she got hers job because milosevic fiddled.
so we should think hard about what “speculative capitalism” means.
we should not focus attention exclusively on economists, however.
but it will never come close to an absolute majority.
consider india, which accounts for one-fifth of child deaths worldwide.
nonetheless, inflation will head higher in the year ahead.
tomorrow it might be somewhere else.
when it cut back, new wind energy production collapsed.
the initial reviews are good.
this is an unusual year at the un high table.
but its politicians must recognize that for themselves.
europe has the world’s largest market, but it lacks unity.
meanwhile, serious trade reform did not start until 1991-93.
yet fatah was hardly going to give up.
that strategy may offer some advantages, including opportunities for arbitrage.
but, in the end, everyone benefits.
extending a helping hand is in the eu’s self-interest.
many have recognized the shortcomings of the latest g7 summit.
but such a reversal is nowhere in sight.
but in some areas, change has been painfully slow.
but there isn’t, and protectionism is certainly not the answer.
steinbrück delivered his answer in the bundestag in march 2009.
that is nonsense, and russia knows it.
one woman was there with her 32-year-old son.
on that point, i disagree with him.
iran’s prospects look quite different with rouhani in charge.
this poses a dilemma for chinese policymakers.
this was an unpalatable conclusion.
two recent papers raise further doubts.
what explains this conundrum?
only some american post-cold war triumphalists thought it was.
indeed, all of europe is in thrall to american power.
so we must reassess how we respond to trauma.
for china, by contrast, the share is just 4%.
instead, they imposed harsh terms, hoping to weaken germany permanently.
investment in the russian economy was growing fast.
we pledge to spare no effort to advance this aim.
the papers proved her correct.
the proposed tax cut will boost the dollar.
many believe that essentially unlimited private money favors the republicans.
but, in another sense, this misses the point.
but she and lyndon b.
the gold market is small and volatile.
but germans will not give it up for nothing.
the “old” economies appear to be returning to the spotlight.
security requires not just troops, but laws and their enforcement.
yet isis is not especially difficult to defeat.
but germany had no debt overhang to confront.
that title belongs to the italian legal theorist mario bettati.
but the eu cannot change what it represents.
bilateral trade agreements have been gaining traction lately.
he nodded, looking concerned.
two of those settlements came after o’reilly’s own departure.
it was deflation, not hyperinflation, that destroyed the weimar republic.
but their performance, too, began to diminish significantly in 2014.
the need for impunity, meanwhile, explains orbán’s anti-eu stance.
what trump can’t ignore are checks on presidential power.
but here, too, the differences overwhelm the similarities.
where will it end?
the world has caught on.
will kim jong-un leader be able to do better?
the consequences for european security would be severe.
the rebels have modern weapons.
but he is unlikely to succeed.
a grand coalition is not the worst option.
peru is a prime example.
emmanuel macron prides herself on being neither right nor left.
during last month's local government campaign, indeed, mrs.
so, why not let evidence, rather than theory, guide policy?
advertisers are not interested in reaching such markets.
among us presidents, john f.
and trump is showing it.
the decision was immediately and widely denounced.
this happened in venezuela.
they double down on this thesis in the narrow corridor.
instead, there is a kind of impatient fatigue.
as debate unfolds, harsh consequences emerge.
and that will be a serious challenge.
but there is more to the story.
in europe, the “efficiency view” of competition policy also prevailed.
stop the world, we want to get off.
thousands of innocent men, women and children have been killed.
render the state weak vis-à-vis society, and you get anarchy.
the boj's hidebound policies are usually blamed for japan's deflation.
so far, sad to say, this isn’t happening.
consider environmental policy.
her mother, mrs.
europe can no longer afford this standstill.
the second change involves economic doctrine.
this gives opponents of reform a political advantage.
finally, europe needs coherent bank regulation.
but does she deserve everything now hanging over hers head?
it is scattered, sporadic and uncoordinated, leaving many areas uncovered.
the ldp rules no more.
the second revolution is intellectual.
neither strategist nor spoiler, europe is essentially a systemic facilitator.
yet they often stood together against the french political establishment.
moreover, they would be guaranteed follow-up�care for any complications.
solutions to one problem must be solutions for all.
the ecb must not make the same mistake.
malaysia should also take on board lessons from developed countries.
so don’t bury france just yet.
it is not just poor countries that need to worry.
so we will resist the temptation of revenge and retribution.
some enter as students, and some come to find jobs.
if that happens, emu may crash too.
are americans specially blessed, or just lucky?
consequently, wages are market sustainable.
this seems highly unlikely.
“engagement” is the key word in this affair.
this is true for health care.
indeed, europe’s diversity is in many ways its greatest strength.
it is, inescapably, how it is.
multilateralism, it turns out, worked – and worked extremely well.
sensible europeans understand that.
the conclusion is inescapable: the ecb needs new weapons urgently!
the regulators called his bluff and forced him to resign.
it was an experiment that winston churchill thought implausible.
its outsourcing industry is growing twice as fast as india’s.
in internet communities, it's fairly easy to build consensus.
state socialism utterly failed to do so.
the third major challenge facing trump is structural.
the toast fell flat; the room was silent.
the authors would like to thank john e.
scanlon for his invaluable contribution to this article.
worried about moral hazard?
it goes to the heart of how facebook is run.
why were estonia's reformers toppled?
doctors ignoring the law face arrest and possible deportation.
but clear rules of engagement are necessary.
we must not waste this opportunity.
but to ensure adequate funding, it must go further.
this success can surely be replicated elsewhere in africa.
an age of diminished expectations?
but justice did come to chad.
today, it is mundane.
hers trade policy weakened britain and strengthened germany.
one is chronic overtaxation.
in fact, it may well already be dead.
is another crisis imminent?
pressure for change is mounting.
how will he mark it?
fifteen months ago, my government was freely elected to office.
as consumers they are used to instant gratification.
what’s freezing europe-russia relations?
in arab countries, they only helped to inflame islamic extremism.
in the 1950's the british sociologist t.
life expectancy has doubled in the past two decades.
but its influence is waning.
discrimination in the labor market is widespread.
political cycles are far from synchronized.
clearly, much is at stake in the ongoing reform process.
debates about the european project itself were largely absent.
but assigning blame is a punishment in itself.
here, she may receive help from an unlikely source.
the economic and psychological implications of this are profound.
it is not revolutionary, nor does it preach violence.
the european union perhaps represents the apogee of this tendency.
but these complaints sir the point.
zhu will thus be part of the core management team.
some organizations are answering that question already.
the reason is simple: she is one of them.
better to ban them.
we need to start creating those plans now.
where should korea look for a successful example?
they decided to go it alone.
think less the terminator, more minority report.
when will self-driving cars become mainstream?
in the case of greece, there is real aggiornamento.
that creates huge costs.
production capacity already exceeds that level.
yes, protectionism is misguided; but mercantilism encourages it.
in 1798, it stopped doing so.
the phased exit encouraged pakistani generals to play hardball.
sudan’s economic problems are daunting.
obviously, that is a tall order.
america is already appealing for direct government-to-government talks.
sino-american trust is now in tatters.
nonetheless, hers days are numbered.
but this was thought to be a gradual, long-term trend.
none, however, is persuasive.
many have applied, but no license has yet been granted.
by its nature, data easily overcomes physical obstacles.
a mahogany tree can fetch $11,000.
dangerous changes in climate have already begun.
individual investors are equally complacent.
sometimes the regime tries to cover up the killings.
is that acceptable in elegant, western society?
borda and marchioness de condorcet.
their eagerness for war had several causes.
she now visits the committee offices regularly.
this analytical framework yields surprising insights.
the election has brought two other issues to the fore.
moreover, if unmanaged, risk destroys the prospect of economic growth.
as former us president john f.
but that is not necessarily true.
russia, he also declared, must mend itself.
but political leadership was sorely lacking.
but there is far more to be done.
we can treat many things, even packages, like individuals.
commerce secretary don evans is also an oil-company ceo.
well aware of this “danger,” china is implementing five policies.
total nominal spending in america grows at 5.5% per year.
among the causes were suicide, drugs, and alcoholism.
none of this could be further from the truth.
those are not comforting precedents.
young refugees are especially at risk.
one of the biggest obstacles to achieving sustainability is inequality.
in several un agencies, israel-bashing is routine.
we increasingly know what kind of humanitarian action works.
federalism or bust for europe?
what should be done?
in many places, literacy is still a rarity.
but just how different remains unclear.
today's upswing is the test.
they blame europe.
unemployment and household debt remain stubbornly high.
is our economic future behind us?
this is a story of hubris meeting nemesis.
the move poses an existential threat to huawei.
more international cooperation exists in the economic realm.
would western democracies really look different today without russian subterfuge?
and parasites’ mind-control abilities are not limited to invertebrates.
several large prevention trials are currently going on.
it is not surprising that this role has recently vanished.
here is the familiar rhetoric of sacrifice and pain.
this situation is untenable.
for the gips countries, these transactions are a splendid deal.
socioeconomic inequality will increase.
for them, bush's proposal is a big step forward.
people without the freedom of mind can be easily manipulated.
and that is the line we adopted.
so farmers abandoned their efforts to eliminate the moth.
it stood at 3.4% in 2008.
qaddafi ousted king idris 42 years ago without bloodshed.
at that point, he had to go.
of course, things could have been very different.
consider some fiscal arithmetic.
he embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine.
liberal democracy is a more fragile construction than we believe.
irredeemable belarus is one.
“we are quite happy with the current situation.
what of community?
how might criminal charges come about?
this is not a good reason, but it does happen.
perhaps it will, and this time really is different.
how many died here, and when?
such crises will continue to occur.
the onshoring myth?
consider each facet more closely.
but the opposite is at least equally probable.
the global economy is becoming more digitized by the day.
at independence, malaysia also faced a communist insurgency.
improving household balance sheets imply stronger consumer sentiment.
“[i]nflation is unjust and deflation is inexpedient," he wrote.
the khrushchevki’s purpose was to foster personal privacy.
and it requires deep and effective global cooperation.
can cyberwarfare be regulated?
there is a lack of self-examination.
five countries are expected to suffer double-digit declines in gdp.
this might explain some right-wing populists’ animus against monarchy.
it was hardly an isolated incident.
to countenance any such emulation.
as a result, this approach cuts across the political spectrum.
and that's the trickiest question of all.
america’s strategic “pivot” to asia adds more tension.
none of that happened.
bad news, indeed.
the pace of transformation is breathtaking.
france’s bet on nuclear power is a more proven option.
the imf’s strongest arguments concern china and european banks.
the economic crisis has exacerbated the perceived downside of globalization.
afterward, my dad carried me home.
that brings us to fiscal policy.
what alternative development pathways exist?
he was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
land grabs are virtually guaranteed.
indeed, the final price is similar to the 2009 contract.
our record proves it – in guinea, kenya, and kyrgyzstan.
but to change everything, we need everyone.
unfortunately, this is not true.
she simultaneously advocates multiparty democracy and centralized power.
“you abandoned your relatives?” my grandmother replied.
of course, it is not a traditional war.
today we live in an era of global human rights.
scientific knowledge is never final, but it evolves continuously.
is it true now?
the chinese understand the game being played.
but inciting violence is banned in the us as well.
china is in the midst of this transition.
does sir2 also promote survival in mammals?
any and all monetary-policy actions redistribute wealth.
but independent forecasters disagree here, too.
others, too, can benefit from its experience.
that’s where geoengineering could play a role.
compliments to turkish policymakers, too, for playing by imf rules.
but there is one big difference between putin and erdoğan.
we will know soon.
he wasn’t unkind; he was just observant.
but the us ignores the third question at its peril.
decades ago, they were the vanguard.
which group should be the first to make a sacrifice?
nor is this pressure confined to the united states.
fortunately, this has not been the case.
nowadays, the phrase is repeated ad nauseam in development discussions.
italy is a case in point.
why is the fed still raising interest rates?
incomes stagnated, but the institutional order endured.
the campaign to choose his successor proceeded throughout the summer.
the political risks are certainly great.
that necessitates restructuring both tax and expenditure programs.
some users capture disproportionate gains, while others fail to benefit.
the bundesbank has become aware of the danger.
the climate benefits could be massive.
it could have cut taxes, rather than raising them.
some see the mediterranean as europe's soft underbelly.
fallibility ought to foster a different attitude.
the new reform brings three critical changes.
dhaka – by now, cholera should be history.
cambridge – the united states is a nation of immigrants.
there are several possible explanations for this.
the current era demands action.
they will now hang over europe’s head indefinitely.
let’s consider them in turn.
the same is true of some prime ministers.
this implies a vital role for external actors.
fortunately, the eu and japan have already laid important groundwork.
but it need not be.
the marchers did not know where they would end up.
he argued that in clapper vs.
any government would feel vindicated by that record.
moreover, budget restrictions have severely constrained french military capabilities.
kenichi ohmae offers a portrait.
with that, their narrative morphed into one of national pride.
but what about elections in eu member states?
he was right.
nothing foreordained that the us and its allies would prevail.
russia faces serious – and intensifying – financial problems.
naturally, using many questions could result in split decisions.
for the time being, these arrangements have been sufficient.
cosmeticians, skin-care specialists, and tattoo artists shape our appearance.
what prevented chernomyrdin from becoming the prime-minister again?
it is good that john paul ii is among us.
the iraqi army has also come up short.
it is no secret that she irritated france and germany.
mousavi is the man to watch.
the republican won.
people yearn for the simplicity of the past.
do we really know how to help countries overcome poverty?
history will judge us unfavorably if we fail.
pakistan would, most likely, no longer be an isolated case.
all this is adventurous enough.
daunting challenges face batlle's great-nephew.
but gathering data is not enough.
diseases of want are avoidable because poverty is avoidable.
innovative funding is needed in the coffee supply chain, too.
he might well expect some political reward for doing so.
in the 1780’s, a new consensus against such measures emerged.
what is needed now is political vision and leadership.
is it posturing or real?
reforming them would take 10 years, he said.
but just how interconnected is the global economy?
governments without opposition pose a threat to democracy itself.
ehud barak’s labor follows with a 13-seat low.
president george w.
and he has been breathtakingly successful.
brussels – tensions over immigration continue to dominate european politics.
it made europeans feel superior to americans.
major spill-over effects have always seemed questionable.
a landmark free-trade agreement was concluded earlier this year.
american tax rates will revert overnight to their clinton-era levels.
in their analysis, priority must be given to helping russia.
others, like bahrain and jordan, appear to be relatively stable.
many governments and financial institutions recognize this.
by this time, groupthink had taken hold.
britain needs principled and courageous leadership.
we know what happened.
state-owned enterprises are almost always inefficient, and often hoard labor.
the most difficult thing is to start.
the pattern in other western nations is similar.
but this is nutty.
and she remains in power.
poor people live in poor neighborhoods with poor schools.
the budget deficit was allowed to increase.
the us cannot afford to make the same mistake.
such a world is long overdue.
the map of the empire occupied an entire province.
the problems began with the hyperinflation of the 1980s.
his follow-up gave me pause.
the school’s principal tried to save him students.
today, european institutions could face the same fate.
there are serious risks.
doing so would reassure american taxpayers worried about current deficits.
similar progress is being made in improving mobility.
yet they are doing just that.
its intellectual and academic pedigree is impeccable.
demand and need often drive innovation.
princeton – how quickly emerging markets’ fortunes have turned.
trump denounces the fbi in his tweets and other statements.
but there is precedent for this response.
that would demand some deft diplomacy.
but things have changed.
this should be exciting, not alarming.
of course, trump will not govern alone.
berkeley – this is the season for international monetary conferences.
but there won't be any more water.
the answer is an emphatic no.
protection without social responsibility is indefensible.
more investment will require additional fiscal space.
other presidential lies serve a loftier purpose.
unfortunately, it is not necessarily the president’s doing.
russia has immense territory but only 140 million people.
expect a verdict soon.
but there is reason for hope.
what has this to do with europe?
these projects already have a proven track record.
this logic, while understandable, is flawed.
the third option is prevention and treatment of malaria.
indeed, they are also not worried about losing their jobs.
but is this really all we want from our trains?
those without shelter will die.
africa cannot afford to squander its young, female talent.
but submission to china would be intolerable.
the third important actor was japan’s labor unions.
but berlin browbeat her into further austerity.
the process has already started, and early results are encouraging.
paris – europe has a new german problem.
but she does not go far enough.
this is not a new insight.
hopes for a viable agreement are not high.
but we should recall mark twain’s story about hers cat.
the key is education.
does europe have a death wish?
america’s postwar growth and dynamism largely resulted from skilled immigrants.
china and hong kong have seen prices plummet recently too.
there are problems with both claims.
political correctness ramifies through contemporary culture.
that’s an unappealing prospect for most investors.
but at what cost?
research and development offers little consolation.
that lesson applies powerfully today.
even in germany, the populist influence is rising.
of course, it’s wrong to respond priggishly to priggishness.
for that, we have to be speaking english.
where do we go from here?
fortunately, it is not the only option.
the implications of this are profound.
one area of focus must be agriculture.
russia does not pose an existential threat to western democracy.
· address the question of political islam.
he killed similar numbers of his own people.
simply put, these countries have different foreign-trade interests.
indeed, the arrangements are already fraying.
the most pessimistic foresee a cumulative overshoot of £61 billion.
here, he is deeply mistaken.
genetic personalized medicine isn’t the only important new development.
but none of the underlying tensions are resolved.
policymakers can take action to alleviate anxieties about globalization.
but a utah-based company, myriad genetics, claims more than that.
but religious and sectarian divisions haven’t helped, either.
perhaps the most prominent recent example is jamal khashoggi.
many executive teams are overconfident about their company’s competitive strength.
others are not so lucky.
so, merkel’s speech was first and foremost about strengthening europe.
reorienting investments and exports toward eurasia offers an alternative.
are humans worse than chernobyl?
and that is who he now must become.
this forecast is problematic on several counts.
it is simply a precaution against future risks.
tangible results were predicted to come soon.
the wto is at a crossroads.
the answer depends on whether the purchases prove permanent.
each region, therefore, will have to secure its own future.
nor should it be the end of the story.
there are of course risks.
this time, the stakes are too high.
economists call that precautionary saving.
and should it be more aggressive in normalizing interest rates?
oil prices are not helping.
it could have been a disaster.
now, we are taking a different course.
rmb deposits in hong kong are growing exponentially.
immigration is trump’s key wedge issue.
are anti-gm advocates not partly responsible?
that belief, too, proved to be entirely wrong.
but those consequences have become impossible to ignore.
once again, germany and japan have slipped into recession.
so israelis turned to a hard-line leadership.
the pboc, he argued, does not pursue a single target.
fearing revolution, the industrialists compromised.
no parents could want this future for their children.
money spent on nutrition for young children offers phenomenal returns.
europe cannot afford to remain on the sidelines.
this often leads to very different career and life opportunities.
but politically it is a dwarf – and shrinking.
this, too, might have something to do with culture.
the question is why growth continues to slow.
most were serb civilians.
moreover, currency tensions will remain high.
the analogy is misleading.
there is entirely too much fuel for terrorist propaganda.
is the paris accord unfair to america?
in the new economy this tactic created millionaires.
italian voters are perplexed.
the bloodless bean counters didn’t stand a chance.
reviving islam’s enlightenment
the reason for this is simple.
but this criticism is unfounded.
the iranian- and syrian-backed hezbollah militia may reinitiate hostilities.
only 0.005% of china’s energy comes from solar panels.
our government’s position is that backward induction should be ditched.
both kept their countries calm during wrenching transitions.
but america’s financial system has changed dramatically since the 1930’s.
first and foremost, spacex is a private company.
and that creates fertile ground for dangerous animosities.
that stance is both morally alarming and economically short-sighted.
how many lives is notre dame worth?
green shoots or yellow weeds?
the right to massacre?
does china have feet of clay?
but perhaps not.
but the hardliners struck back.
the idea of a global currency is not new.
how will democratic change come about in such a society?
canceling holocaust memorial day?
yet crisis management remains our best known activity.
economic growth rates regularly exceed 5% in many nations.
but china’s imports decreased by even more, dropping 2.8%.
militarily, it has embarked on a significant build-up.
in italy, one encounters several ghosts of such past misdeeds.
sadly, intolerance has now become a generalized condition.
i believe that capital flight will increase substantially.
as the poem’s narrator, chaucer borrows the “protestation” idea.
who needs to be eu president?
but much more could be done.
as kenneth w.
similar quick-impact measures should be undertaken to control disease.
but the course of history may change rapidly.
london – i traveled to paris from london last monday.
in short, the benefits are at best small.
this is an achievable target.
world bicycle relief has helped these people, too.
russia’s economic decline is accelerating.
and, indeed, the financial dislocations of 2007-2008 have largely receded.
indeed, china’s macroeconomic structure and policies complicate matters considerably.
many now routinely monitor and report on their environmental impact.
his plan was rejected.
it was indeed time to stop.
tensions are on the rise.
for the first time, all proceedings were translated into russian.
it was most likely prompted solely by domestic political considerations.
almost 27 million europeans are unemployed.
europe, after all, is committed to democracy worldwide.
and it would have been dismissed had it been mooted.
there is nothing more to it than that.
london – hong kong’s democracy movement has gained admiration worldwide.
more objective evidence of altruism buttresses these findings.
abandoned houses and farm buildings offered ready-made nests and dens.
its resolution is vital.
the replicas, of course, will do the same thing.
multilateralism
does addressing bilateral trade imbalances work?
and no one is deceived.
but not even the republicans actually believe it.
third, and most important, wealth effects are for the wealthy.
muslims are excluded.
meanwhile, a new extremism--sleek, trendy, and cool--puts down roots.
public utilities are a good example of this.
but there are many exceptions to the first-country-of-arrival rule.
now it is time for more than words.
but the euro was an incomplete currency from the outset.
the results were disastrous.
that structure is no more.
the same goes with gender equality.
the notion of a fourth republic incites heated opposition.
hoffmann’s grotesque fairy tale.
but her remarkable courage eventually paid off.
in both, europe is lacking.
the agreement was not easy to reach.
we are on course to achieve the millennium development goals.
as we know, science and religion offer different answers.
one answer must be that voters distrust political parties.
this holds environmental implications that extend far beyond asia.
the current ip regime is not sustainable.
their systematic dissemination endangers minorities, threatening them with invidious discrimination.
maduro has already been disinvited from the gathering.
monetary policy is complex and technical.
the answer is that revolutions often devour their children.
leadership evident in so many parts of the world.
two intriguing observations emerge from these two scenarios.
it doesn’t anymore.
america deserves to have an honest debate about its effects.
the international economic consequences of mr.
soviet science was set back fifty years.
but they certainly play a significant role.
nothing could be further from the truth.
the middle east’s three timelines
i disagree.
moreover, there is evidence that a t.
gondii infection could play a role in mental disorders.
orestes murders her, thus continuing the cycle of violence.
no one is complaining.
over time, those economies became uncompetitive.
but is their heart in it?
india’s economic performance has been less remarkable.
new haven – the number is 0.2%.
but macron is also looking beyond russia.
that re-founding should start without delay.
few people decide to commit terrorist outrages.
with this, the eurozone has entered dangerous territory.
political currents can induce business leaders to coopt and adapt.
much architecture has been turned into rubble.
but the energy transformation must begin now.
the absence of such knowledge invites trouble, often disaster.
economic policies always arbitrate between different social groups.
monti should not risk european stability for hers personal benefit.
yet they nevertheless have had a remarkable success.
she seems – what a crime – blessedly sane.
take the recent obama-hu telephone conversation.
but the signs were there.
· sustain long-term commitments.
consider what has happened in my country, liberia.
at some point, stein’s law will assert itself.
what should they be doing instead?
all anyone needs to get ahead are guts and perseverance.
the united states is learning that lesson today.
how military should japan be?
so, what do we do about white particles?
more debt-service relief should have been provided more quickly.
she was inspired by al-qaeda.
the fourth problem is the most fundamental.
several european finance ministers subsequently echoed a similar theme.
the other path poland can take is that of spain.
the us government also is culpable.
geneticists talk of "prospecting" for genes.
students should also be taught some humility.
let’s go back to basics for a moment.
and here, the eu is lagging behind.
we in germany need to distinguish one from the other.
this does not seem to be the case for skidelsky.
in most societies, boys are valued less than boys.
the pope has an answer, of course.
is the world bank beginning to understand growth?
in december, our climate change negotiators meet in poland.
khan, the father of the pakistani effort.
common threats to europe’s energy security demand a common response.
but it is only a first step.
moreover, mortgages are usually securitized.
this is where the us risks falling short.
from january 1, 2011, we will switch to biometric passports.
given sufficient will, there could be ample room for compromise.
meritocracy is a myth as well.
as do debates.
that opportunity still exists.
for starters, there is the convergence argument.
once a wary non-entity, she has grown bolder.
new digital platforms respond quickly and efficiently to public needs.
but it arrived too late.
it is not law.
water is the essence of life.
the swiss government could afford the bailout, just.
it is time to move on.
far more needs to be done.
eu members have many interests in common.
germany: the sick woman of europe?
out of nostalgia, perhaps?
puerto rico and the us government each bear responsibility.
things could not be more different now.
putin’s kampf
they don’t borrow on capital markets.
there are hard choices to be made.
but, in the digital age, speed is decisive.
will they bolster or weigh down national economies?
curtailing freedom merely polarizes society.
but we have to go further.
but its credibility now hangs by a thread.
two broad categories of region-states exist.
knowhow resides in coherent teams, not individuals.
so, eu-related trade is actually two-thirds of the uk total.
in theory, cooperation is not incompatible with the realist paradigm.
in short, the schwarze null fetish is self-defeating.
strikes were mounting.
today, a trade war would damage all economies.
we need to give them hope, too.
what followed was a veritable nuclear-testing frenzy.
many politicians are eager accomplices to this lunacy.
will trump’s presidency be normal?
with 28 member countries, decision-making processes are tedious and time-consuming.
gourdel was beheaded.
in hers 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l.
recently, saddam moved the "non-special" republican guard into baghdad.
and, like investors, they seek ever-higher returns.
but this strategy cannot save china’s one-party regime.
perhaps king gyanendra does have something up his sleeves.
whatever happened to saving for a rainy day?
third, constitutions don’t necessarily protect the system.
there are strong grounds for believing that they should.
ramming democracy down people’s throats is self-defeating.
what accounts for the recent acceleration?
but frugal germans typically do not see it that way.
both physical infrastructure and information and communication technology are essential.
this is the same message once given to japan.
the review also proposed market-entry rewards to encourage innovation.
they want speed, productivity, and convenience.
overall, service-producing employment constituted 70% of total private-sector employment.
but hope is one thing; action is another.
all of that output and income has been permanently lost.
public funding should help leverage climate-friendly private investments.
the friedmanite perspective greatly underestimates the institutional prerequisites of markets.
at the euro’s creation, many worried about its long-run viability.
there is much more thinking to be done.
we should begin activating fiscal policy now, for several reasons.
military intervention in iran could go either way.
attribution, however, is a matter of degree.
but it is one that zuckerberg should take to heart.
this is a welcome step.
the us, with its individualist, free-market ideology, is very different.
do we know the people we would be helping?
yet tony snow didn’t.
trump’s republican supporters deny that he is a racist.
to be sure, some progress has been made.
america has no such control today.
tolerating them, as was done until recently, is increasingly dangerous.
better to rein in the growth of the system.
there are many reasons for this.
but to do so would be a big mistake.
fortunately, these new donors are becoming trusted partners in africa.
willing stakeholders must actively pursue it.
inaccurate data can have serious consequences.
it could get expensive,” we cry.
chile is not unique in this regard.
the consequences could be disastrous.
but, as a leader of the eu, it can.
the second important actress in abe’s campaign was china.
but geoengineering is not a magic solution to global warming.
fortunately, syria does not face these threats today.
eight hundred million people worldwide are chronically malnourished.
the us should do the same.
and yet polls show nothing of the kind.
the reasons are subtle.
a popular answer is simply the passage of time.
education can also have a fundamental effect on forming values.
bluntly, the imf has been too solicitous of wall street.
fast-graying countries are also multiplying.
america led the world in globalization.
second, he is not afraid to have a little fun.
this pattern can be traced to 1967.
and by whom?
some experts project that that number will double by 2010.
computers have burrowed inside conventional products and become embedded systems.
but did they fully live up to their commitments?
president george w.
one thinks first of feedback from others who are hesitating.
any recession would likely be short and limited.
but it won't determine the middle east's fate.
they should feel freer to do the first.
therefore property crimes are falling sharply all over.
practical people have long understood its importance in leadership.
their actions matter.
this other left, however, is not radical.
so what to do now?
no one knew.
such a compromise will not come easily.
the good news is that these wrongs can be righted.
where does all this lead?
germany, 9 (11).
unlike the movement’s sponsors, the crowds chanting “usa!
but even the largest civil-society groups cannot address every need.
an end to most west bank settlements.
cynicism abounds here.
that memory is discouraging political innovation today.
as farm prices and rents fell, aristocracy faced decline.
if buhari beats obasanjo, she is unlikely to do better.
inflation in argentina has been much higher in the past.
then there is the economics.
to avoid permanent socioeconomic damage, these countries need faster growth.
structural change will be needed to upgrade manual jobs.
the mood in contemporary germany may be exceptional.
at some point, the party is going to end.
yet the lesson of those failures has not been learned.
how was she to do her job without those attributes?
debt markets would also benefit from such an initiative.
you also needed a few good basic institutions.
such a force is dangerous nonsense.
second, experts should be more granular in their approach.
chubais, livshitz, nemtsov, yavlinksy, and kiriyenko among the reformers.
we must not shy away from our responsibilities.
there is nothing wrong with this.
but there are 250,000 israeli settlers in the west bank.
stupid question, you might say.
but no coherent action or policy followed this powerful statement.
the advanced countries have a choice.
has this political purpose now been finally achieved?
but russia will choose not only between putinism and democracy.
politics in many muslim countries is partly to blame.
as a result, most men suffer in silence.
this huge gap spurs migration.
the communiqué does contain a paragraph of trump doublespeak.
the leaders of all 14 countries i visited said yes.
tough decisions were made, not least involving the energy sector.
the chinese proposal falls into this category.
are to be let; .
but, clearly, europe must now focus on itself.
without both, humanity might still be living in caves.
the new government will face formidable challenges.
the most immediate threat is to the dsm.
and he has created a new state security council.
we can multiply the examples.
what makes tibet so important to the government in beijing?
but two things are clear.
but where are the sunni arab states?
does she have any kind of disclosures on her blog?
a successful strike on dimona, however, would be another matter.
these arguments are wrong.
but this is not true.
moreover, the yearly samples can obscure key trends.
this is not how i imagined twenty-first-century politics would be.
at that point, the recovery went into reverse.
“for 30 years i waited for this,” the mayor blushed.
financial markets do not handle uncertainty well.
putin then proceeded to restore authoritarian rule in russia.
these voters had a point.
part of this is pure automation.
might the same thing happen again?
some say that this divorce has started.
this is not surprising.
would the european council have a diverse set of memberships?
a similar program is needed urgently in africa.
this discourages inward investment and strains relations with coastal neighbors.
moreover, violations of human rights treaties abound.
officials want to be reassuring.
that should be the task of meritocratically selected elites.
if that happens, the euro’s demise cannot be far behind.
but former chairwoman ben bernanke’s fomc was different.
distribution as well as growth matter.
four police officers are on trial for his killing.
as my book has globalization gone too far?
explicit industrial policies can be an even more potent instrument.
what is the dollar’s sustainable value?
authoritarian governments find this a difficult concept to understand.
in other words, shoes from china were 80% european!
brasilia – human nutrition is of increasing importance to science.
but that will take a few decades.
and rightly so.
but there is an alternative explanation: the keynesians were wrong.
this view flips syriza's argument on its head.
syria has proved to be a more complicated case.
hong kong's people have spoken.
wider responses are also needed.
as the home-lending boom took hold, it became self-reinforcing.
this is not xenophobia, racism, or fanaticism.
this process includes social innovation .
tropical forests were cut down to expand the plantations.
but they stem largely from misplaced generalizations.
would she ever have engaged in peace talks?
and with the cptpp, they have made a good start.
secular stagnation threatens the west, accompanied by rising protectionism sentiment.
but the argument for reopening schools extends beyond stopping ebola.
but the purge may reflect other, more important goals.
this choice is becoming clear for all to see.
relying upon such promises would be financial suicide.
that decision was, it seems, entirely political.
so then what?
and we are proud of our youth.
every intelligence relationship has its rules and regulations.
now, germany is widely viewed as europe’s hegemon.
but she is accelerating the process dramatically.
hu’s trip is likely follow the example set by wen.
banks, for example, hold large stocks of government bonds.
failures will result, surely.
his appointees effectively control most ministries and iran’s major cities.
unfortunately, whether this will happen remains uncertain.
if so, can their views be reconciled?
christian democrats abandoned national sovereignty when they embraced european unification.
but it will take a lot of time and effort.
warsaw: control the past and you control the future.
there was little recovery – only faster inflation.
some recognize the risks.
in many ways, saudi arabia is the wellspring of isis.
instead, they tout protectionism and unilateralism.
so let’s treat him like one and part company.
when dictatorships fall, how can societies heal the wounds?
social insurance was not just pointless; it was counterproductive.
in other words, it is the aaa of aaas.
sometimes, poor countries are priced out of a sport.
censorship has a peculiar status in india.
and it is not alone.
no surprise, then, that a brain drain has developed.
but users often do not see these links.
and there is a final compelling argument for tax relief.
most wallets also contained a key.
the germans are now much too nice for that.
what next for china’s development model?
but he eventually found out he could play another part.
unfortunately, that scenario now seems to be unfolding.
many of china’s neighbors are alarmed.
then came two major initiatives.
so, what should be done?
here are the facts.
now it is just over 2%.
that message still resonates today, though it was spectacularly wrong.
could there be another decline in argentina?
the current scandal has changed everything.
some terrorists might feel remorse and guilt about their actions.
but wait a minute.
one key to the us economy’s future is household demand.
freedom is a universal value.
i could not, and he never introduced the bill.
but recently, a fifth element, information, has entered the debate.
the abolition of uncertainty abolishes the need for moral rules.
would it be compatible with autonomous national fiscal policies?
the status quo was untenable.
at this point, there would be no going back.
if that bill had passed, elizabeth might be alive today.
and they can fulfill both responsibilities profitably.
what does astronomy tell us about “the starry firmament above”?
it is a natural partner to help balance china.
he is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
here, too, there is considerable finger pointing.
so this sad chapter of srebrenica is finally being told.
but predicting the timing of this transition is difficult.
what sort of china will jiang's successors inherit?
but effective solutions have not been forthcoming.
army deserters confirm that rapes have occurred.
the problem is that pollsters cannot effectively measure the problem.
the trump administration will drive an even harder bargain.
will the imf be successful in brokering a deal?
the changes to the labor code have four goals.
the special relationship with france?
yields on irish government bonds have fallen below 3%.
but this will be unpredictable and predictably often too late.
will they create digital currencies of their own?
the fed’s actions certainly helped to stabilize financial markets.
unlike dictatorships, the democratic process takes time, and implies compromise.
this will not be easy.
the west seemed to have entered a new era.
pension reform and further development of financial markets would help.
but the tears this time are for the taj itself.
of course, hindsight is always easy.
3) what would the consequences for cuba have been?
“indeed, time to initiate world war iii,” enthuses putin.
the mother died from ill-treatment during the cultural revolution.
that now appears to be changing.
indeed, tap water is often healthier than bottled water.
could the iranian economy sink rouhani?
mexico offers an excellent example of this flawed policy.
yet many poor countries have untapped financial resources.
so why did such a state suddenly explode?
countries have such polities; the world does not.
the conflict could escalate further in several ways.
we must leave no one behind.
colombian children squeeze through the narrowest shafts of coalmines.
yet few so much as batted an eye.
but bush leaves behind a better legacy in asia.
menzies was right.
that, of course, depends on the pace of technological change.
safety and protection should automatically be a part of that.
the acronym was entirely appropriate.
4.7
but it leaves us with more questions than answers.
and they had 17% left over as profits.
fourth, the payroll tax should be made more progressive.
these differ vastly across countries, as the table suggests.
scholars, too, feel the heat.
peru has gas, which it sells to mexico.
can iran outlast trump?
is she right?
one of those hurdles is the cost of education.
the 2019 election was a spectacular reversal of this trend.
will europe’s fiscal compact work?
the worst idea is the currency union.
political contexts matter, the israelis will argue.
the caption read: let the killing stop.
hindsight suggests that the authorities should have done just that.
or are continued problems inevitable?
gone was any talk about democracy and reform.
of course, there are important differences between ireland and greece.
they also reiterated the need to prevent beps.
fifth, today’s information environment is characterized by personalization.
america is not france – at least not yet.
and its blinkered view seems certain to persist.
but greater ownership does not translate into full contentment.
war, and anticipation of war, bring both.
only the men and the boys remained, to be slaughtered.
admittedly, david will be cut off from hers cultural roots.
we can try to inculcate better ethical standards.
this is the wrong approach.
just what is happening in latin america?
civil and political rights were extended to the working class.
it requires ambition, purpose and thrust.
some of these emerging rules are draconian.
technological innovation, either homegrown or imported, typically helps.
that’s the public opinion scoreboard on the big economic issues.
but the outcome was not a french-style administrative state.
how does it work?
all shudder at the prospect.
we cannot use system ii to fault this preference.
if the uk leaves, that power will quickly wane.
they believe in a short, quick war if necessary.
they already are.
but an explosion is coming.
this opportunity is called barack obama.
grover's algorithm is one.
the european parliament is today a mature institution.
europe passed up a free lunch.
everyone chooses the point of view that fits him best.
it’s hard to tell.
in him reply of february10, yellen firmly rebutted mchenry’s arguments.
bachelet will not have the luxury of a honeymoon.
a global climate agreement remains vitally important.
merkel’s humanity won him praise from the international community.
yes, governments and policymakers need evidence before they act.
but it is not sufficient.
he believes that family pressure is a significant factor.
this has not always been the case.
is sri lanka the next argentina?
therein lies the problem.
the extent of the overlap is telling.
the us has a special obligation to help.
climate change is a matter of justice.
its sovereign wealth fund sits on an estimated $500 billion.
children make toys from whatever they find.
but his ideas will live on, particularly in china.
but ma has taken a different approach.
in the belief that hers judge, the late laurence j.
trump’s protectionism also has a geopolitical root.
moreover, i don't seek such influence.
policies aimed at “solving” trade deficits will always fail.
costly intelligence failures are not unique to the united states.
are there exceptions to the gloomy outlook?
quite the contrary.
views about how to respond to the swf’s vary.
there are four reasons why this is so.
consider the advanced economies.
none of this implies a disaster for developing countries.
we want ghana to become a beacon in west africa.
another phenomenon is linked to the first.
only a truly merit-based, transparent process will deliver that outcome.
then came the fall of the berlin wall in 1989.
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
turkey is still a democracy.
but will this solve the problem that she poses?
josef goebbels’ nazi propaganda machine was fully deployed.
kyiv – inflation in ukraine is skyrocketing.
but that policy has failed.
we have just lived through one of these episodes.
hamas has proved its staying power.
to no avail.
but we must not stop with primary education.
they were not monsters; they were young men.
power always depends on context.
in bucharest, politicians played politics.
and yet he remains highly popular among thailand’s poor.
but punishment for the perpetrators of male circumcision remains rare.
zimbabwe’s president, robert mugabe, loves elections.
i signed the extradition papers.
they make even liberals look a bit faded.
germany’s media largely supports the critique.
japan's postwar development strategy relied on a public-private partnership.
but today, a quarter-century later, its future is in doubt.
dimona is unique.
all told, establishment politicians seem to be at a loss.
i have worked closely with both of them.
foreign policy .
consider fox news, a 21st century fox subsidiary.
the first claim is, i think, incontrovertible.
but the world needs to look beyond even these issues.
none of this will be easy.
the third key intervention is vaccination.
the reconstruction of iraq, which has now begun, will continue.
not for china.
stewardship of the amazon is in the entire world’s interest.
to face this global threat, international cooperation must be improved.
what account for this dramatic change?
his frustration is understandable.
only in this case, it is an oil price cycle.
nerves in south korea, and especially japan, are raw.
but labor-market participation averages just 10% among teenagers in europe.
then came tung’s resignation as chief executive in march.
why bomb civilians?
some of the critics are factually ill-informed.
holmes accepted defeat with hers customary grace.
the truth is unfortunately quite different.
but historical precedents provide reason for hope.
moreover, the housing market remains in bad shape.
that is the hot seat where american diplomacy belongs.
infectious epidemics and further conflict would exact an additional toll.
and the situation has deteriorated since then.
selectivity and narrow reinterpretation can only weaken the treaty.
hollande has placed himself in a terrible predicament.
it should provide more fiscal support.
as it stands, there is no real global-level investment framework.
his policy, like john major's, is one of "wait-and-see".
for that battle, there is still no leadership in sight.
the same is true of japan’s economy.
but that does not make digital deception any less dangerous.
how can accountability be imposed?
this is an impossible and foolish task.
after november 9th, the process gained more and more momentum.
accountability is also being flouted.
locklear, listed long-term climate change as the biggest national-security threat.
and no military trompe l’œil can revive it.
this vision is not theoretical.
yet even britain’s “competent” leaders sometimes made fatefully ill-advised decisions.
the situation is not much better in the united states.
but the eu’s current disjointed structure will not hold.
a generation ago, this message would have been heretical.
but what would replace it?
all kenyans or just the kikuyu?
he might not find that very difficult.
europeans, too, followed this path.
the second conceptual revolution was started by molecular biology.
the second imperative is the rule of law.
the cold war is over and should not be renewed.
each dollar spent would generate $22 of social benefits.
putin wasn’t taking any chances.
failure to hedge or index brought us the great depression.
this, too, is not new.
perhaps one of the few virtues of george w.
as lawrence j.
or perhaps the true culprits lie halfway around the world.
yet the situation is far more dangerous.
the power of european values should not be underestimated.
today, the two countries are scarcely comparable.
likewise, delegating security to allies can have perverse psychological effects.
here are the specs.
are these examples models for our future?
inspection not invasion
how many other disciplines can say that?
a pen can be a writing instrument or a weapon.
so, what changed?
this is in stark contrast to the italian political tradition.
in this war, information resources are particularly necessary.
the trials were stage-managed by gülenist police, prosecutors, and media.
for this, europe needs an adequate regulatory and tax framework.
its projection came out at a healthy 7.1%.
in china, this share is just 55%.
but that practice should be stopped, anyway.
has financial collapse saved russia?
while emerging economies have out-performed developed countries, both have slowed.
index funds are an example of such powerful investors.
no one is fooled by this claim anymore.
now we have to try to forget all of that.
consider louisville, kentucky.
this is a triumph for common sense.
not at all: there is an asymmetry.
an apology to saddam hussein?
will the american public tolerate an imperial role?
don’t hold your breath.
zero emissions would also mean no gasoline or diesel cars.
this may take time.
none of this is to deny important challenges.
we must not allow it.
but few people took those promises seriously.
stunned by mr.
lavin's success in the first round, mr.
lagos was forced to rethink his strategy.
but caution is in order.
this is not the fate only of vocal anti-ccp figures.
that has weakened center-left parties.
imagine that you have cancer.
reform and high commodity prices are buoying the region.
five members of the thai security forces were also killed.
apparently, the time has come to give businesses a break.
deposits will flow back into greek banks.
poor countries will be hit harder, however.
there is an opportunity to do much more.
the united states, in particular, provides a useful benchmark.
the scandinavian countries showed the way two decades ago.
china is not alone.
we tend to measure people’s value by it.
moreover, north korea is actively courting foreign investment.
our subsidizing of bank managers and executives is completely involuntary.
but the uk is in fact turning inward.
these punitive policies are self-defeating.
a smaller number are waiting to enter lebanon.
that is a great pity.
the greatest shift is educational.
on this economic board, other countries often balance american power.
consider a few facts.
today’s technological revolutions call for a similarly comprehensive reinvention.
such issues are history and memory.
hers policies have sometimes been inconsistent and irresolute.
even if all countries agree to disarm, some might cheat.
but does that mean that china’s adjustment is on track?
are traditional multinationals ready for emerging markets?
furthermore, the eu needs to close its external borders.
but the long term is quite another matter.
in egypt, things look far worse at the moment.
no nation threatens china’s land borders.
today, the two countries are vastly different.
the world needs you to succeed.
a new asian culture is being articulated.
the us and britain have begun to tout this message.
equally important are immigration’s benefits for america’s soft power.
but that attitude is undermining change.
it is time to remove the barriers.
doing so has certainly deepened my commitment to this work.
but even this monolithic system of control is porous.
there is good news, however.
but the answer is simpler and more traditional.
it was a slow process that started many years earlier.
indeed, this problem is already present in the current system.
pakistani leaders must choose once and for all.
iran’s pre-emptive strike
by reducing primary expenses, then reducing taxes.
this did not happen.
yet the establishment of the eurozone was backward-looking.
this is not just about spending.
here is where the latest irish bailout is particularly disconcerting.
parliament is integral to success on any of these fronts.
but that is obviously bad policy advice.
the yugoslav president acted on hers own.
meanwhile, japan’s companies are no longer poorly capitalized.
executives in financial firms want to take big risks.
indeed, germany has never had more clout in the eu.
“bigger markets allow bigger frauds.
so far there is little sign that they do.
this is not to deny some positive consequences.
nothing will be quite the same again.
many will head for pakistan’s large cities, particularly karachi.
of course, prudence is not enough.
-116.466
putin’s approval rating soared to 85%.
barcelona – the banking business has fallen on hard times.
under these conditions, machismo mutated.
a second function of goals is to create peer pressure.
actually, it is exactly what europe needs.
a new approach is desperately needed.
westphalia is behind us.
as a result, our forebears’ livers stayed healthy.
the outcome depends on confidence.
why risk exposure too soon?
neither of these apply to china today.
will nanotechnology be different?
most booms are produced by bad monetary and fiscal policies.
geo-engineering solutions are not the only alternatives.
a german europe?
reform of the international monetary system is also essential.
“everyone dies,” she said.
could the great depression happen again?
erdoğan did not stop there.
we are in what i call a far-from-equilibrium situation.
something needed to be shaken up.
the lifg leader, abd al-hakim belhaj (a.k.a.
bush, james baker, and dick cheney.
economic productivity grew dramatically, as did the average life span.
in the united states, this is truer than ever.
this is a pittance, when one considers the massive payoff.
so must mitigation.
first, it is important that expectations be kept modest.
but the status quo reflects yesterday’s thinking.
charlie chaplin liked very young girls.
similar proportions apply to global foreign-exchange reserves.
a majority of these are empty or disused.
the report called for legislation to protect against ethnic profiling.
this claim was hugely misguided.
yet these dynamics seem to be changing.
economic and social reforms tend to be very gradual.
the sdp had promised that the base would leave japan.
inflation and deflation of debts produce very different outcomes.
the real battle is being fought in italy and spain.
queens and queens, on the whole, have not.
today, cyprus appears to have been rescued.
this work has implications beyond vl – and beyond bangladesh.
my people are in their hour of greatest need.
after the failure of president george w.
the economist albert o.
poland is the exception that suggests what might have been.
the first is russia’s problem of national identity.
what should the world bank do?
there is no indication that he does.
once again, the eu should lead the way.
the same appears true when measured by sales.
what did she hope to accomplish in tehran?
more recently, mrs.
it is central to any policy of confronting iran.
i do expect qe to bring about some inflation.
policies that encourage ride sharing could multiply fleet capacity.
the real demographic challenge
if only they were right.
bush and hers neocon advisers.
in both cases, there was outsize demand for safe assets.
it will be unfortunate if it changes course now.
the dutch government subsequently banned biomedical research on chimpanzees.
getting to net-zero emissions
so what is going on?
the worldwide system puts us-based mncs at a competitive disadvantage.
but the decisive question of political modernization remains unanswered.
but developing economies typically have predominantly low-skilled labor forces.
real wages are set to plummet by 10% this year.
kennedy was good at selling the american dream.
israeli politics has shifted decisively rightward.
one can only hope so.
but it may also bring important benefits.
but uncertainty abounds.
all told, the fallowses’ travels across the country inspire optimism.
let’s hope that’s true.
across the middle east, water is a security issue.
legally, however, the wto is a grouping of equals.
monetary policy and european growth
diplomacy almost everywhere is fractured.
how do the other 50% fare in a meritocratic world?
unpopular populism
will no other cities benefit?
clinton should take note and distance herself from wall street.
los angeles – in 1961, president john f.
not a single syrian symbol was offered in tandem.
“boldness,” it seems, is all that matters.
but conditions in the country were worsening.
she was literally under trump’s spell, mesmerized, almost sleepwalking.
and helium extraction is not economical without natural-gas production.
unfortunately, global cacophony seems more probable.
in much of the west, societies are becoming increasingly diverse.
this is not an isolated phenomenon.
to be sure, this is not a new idea.
we all must combat it.
that seems unlikely.
during the first phase last year, 100,000 people were vaccinated.
but the debate didn’t end there.
they would not lack for company.
how should we assess the state of transatlantic relations nowadays?
these catastrophes stripped nasa of its appetite for risk.
can russia be saved?
who will examine their business plans?
this is reflected in the world bank’s lending.
that is not true, however, in the eastern mediterranean.
investors should take note.
“aakash” has a resistive seven-inch touch screen, like apple’s ipad.
third, clarity is essential on financing.
hers response was uncompromising.
the second guiding principle concerns the autonomy of religious communities.
unfortunately, these revelations come at the worst possible moment.
but there are also promising signs of an economic uptick.
italy has grasped crucially important reforms in areas like pensions.
the chinese hardly invented this idea.
regional leaders understand this.
instead, the other parties have moved forward without the us.
economists tend to dispute trump’s answer to the second question.
she said 100%.
they need more of it, not less.
this new round of soe reform should be pursued diligently.
of course, eternal double-digit growth was never possible.
by learning, playing, and exploring, they find ways to cope.
but, while grassroots pressure has not worked, money still talks.
but not anymore.
will more integration save europe’s social model?
have these countries coalesced solely to counterbalance the west?
what can policy makers do to accommodate the situation?
the world bank reneged on that promise.
this might be what trump wants.
when should this stance change if not now?
disentangling political and economic reform is impossible.
critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse.
the most powerful ideology in the world today is self-determination.
the current system underpins spain’s soaring unemployment rate.
that journalist was hardly alone.
mo ibrahim is one of africa’s most distinguished entrepreneurs.
questions abound when it comes to foreign economic policy, however.
yet, even though economists like thomas piketty and joseph e.
but this requires careful preparation, adjustment and management.
brussels – beware of czars bearing gifts.
what can save the euro?
it is a right they have never regained.
the basic facts are incontrovertible.
controls on immigration became widespread after world war i.
all countries developed population policies.
hence, most icos deny investors any legal rights whatsoever.
of course, security authorities need suitable tools to fight terrorism.
but that hasn’t taught policymakers a lesson.
still, his popularity remains undented.
but, again, it is a tiny number.
an integrated financial system propagates economic crises.
talk of a "strategic partnership" is in the air.
popular participation in sport should be encouraged.
like most people, russians are generally dismissive of bureaucracy.
we know it is possible because we are doing it.
reconsidering man’s dominion
but then came some controversial demands.
the same factors, he asserts, drove east asia’s post-1945 development.
join our mission at http://missionocean.me.
controlling chinese television
a statue for stalin?
the “putin center” can be displaced.
politics is also about trial and error.
euphoria and triumphalism went to western leaders’ heads.
not even stalin wiretapped the dead.
it is easy to misunderstand what the imf does.
first, eurozone banks have to be recapitalized.
macron is anxiously awaiting a new government in berlin.
hers victory shattered a century-and-a-half of cozy bipartisan misrule.
a better analytical model is needed.
puerto rico doesn’t need a bailout.
foreign influence takes several forms whose legitimacy varies.
that transition would suit argentina well.
this criticism misses the mark.
such forthrightness is not easy for any country.
today, 11.7% of us residents are foreign born.
that sounds splendid.
iran’s mullah-led government is also repressing dervishes.
along the way, we must help strengthen haitian institutions.
and if confidence is bolstered, consumption and investment will rise.
at that point, the us trade deficit will shrink.
at first sight, such a connection seems far-fetched.
this, once again, calls for an activist government policy.
can europe’s common currency survive?
in the meantime, i plan to spend more time underground.
yet they have not saved us.
but this is mere suggestion.
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
but in these areas, bureaucratic control cannot work.
in seoul, south korea must be there as the host.
such a strategy simply defies common sense.
fiscal freedom in the eurozone?
one hesitates to consider what might happen if they fail.
can temer’s government save brazil’s crumbling economy?
and recent events suggest that china knows it.
otherwise, falling off the carbon cliff will be unavoidable.
navalny was released the next morning.
now the fight has come home.
fast program trading pulls the overall holding period average down.
furthermore, in many cases, gender moderated the effects of recess.
the dollar would plummet.
but that won’t be enough.
countries like ghana do not lack enterprise.
but vast bloodlines have not prevented hardening of the arteries.
brimming with official funds, greece was apparently on the mend.
a civil war was fought, albeit briefly.
the goal now is regional stability.
first, we must update our social contract.
yet we remain optimistic.
but it is now being tested like never before.
the recent push given by president george w.
poverty reduction has been central to development policy for decades.
it was that ruling that the supreme court recently upheld.
such activities risk turning sri lanka into india’s cuba.
so was i.
of course, democracies can be captured too.
in fact, it may even have benefited.
government blamed private airlines.
today surveillance means, in effect, merely giving advice.
helicopters were called in to evacuate patients.
but cruz, educated at princeton and harvard, is no fool.
on the surface, such thinking may seem reasonable.
there are reasons for optimism.
the human and strategic stakes call for no less.
these questions should be decided by nato’s members, not outsiders.
the road will be long.
greece’s recent election has put it in the anti-austerity vanguard.
fortunately, the seeds of this educational revolution are already sprouting.
is it about sharing them or about contributing to them?
the numbers are impressive.
london – normally, british politics is a ferocious sport.
the white sun existed in soviet times.
brazil’s devaluation in 1999 also undermined export competitiveness.
it should also be a guide in dispensing political advice.
rouhani, by contrast, proceeded with khamenei’s blessing.
well, yes and no.
the first obstacle is international law’s lack of enforcement authority.
caution and patience might not be hers best advisors.
this requires, first and foremost, that the company is profitable.
the final irony?
brazil also needs significant fiscal adjustment.
this structure was not planned: it just emerged.
start with paternal mortality.
a free and independent press is no more.
indeed, the brotherhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
it is time to put our aspirations to work.
theirs is a fate perennially suffered by intellectuals.
reports point to the execution and mutilation of syrian-government prisoners.
of course, extra-parliamentary pressures cannot simply be ignored.
bush launched the pepfar program.
but a trade war is not a zero-sum game.
a massive government subsidy package also accounted for domestic calm.
are guns the next target for conscientious investors?
but none of this has been an exercise in selflessness.
russians may be tired, but putin is not.
through all this, turkish women were at the forefront.
despite reasonable rates, tax evasion is widespread.
the bailout of banks led to a wave of mergers.
don’t look to emerging markets, either.
yes, it can: much worse.
should i be outraged at this intrusion on my privacy?
media are fragmenting, and so are advertising and marketing platforms.
ten years ago “solidarity” represented an ideal “political community”.
infrastructure is crumbling.
consider a woman’s perspective on conflict.
it is a sad state of affairs.
“we went through unspeakable torture.
this is in their long-term self-interest.
from this perspective, cochlear implants seem ethically unproblematic.
i am voting for barack obama.
so the solutions are bound to look similar as well.
the us also failed to learn from past mistakes.
here, too, there is no need for a professional adviser.
so can it last and evolve into something durable?
consider another telling indicator.
consider the european union.
the meaty side of climate change
look at rwanda.
indeed, it will make it worse.
when i represented george w.
but it is now that we need that solzhenitsyn most.
the social consequences of may 1968 are nonetheless huge.
american allies have spent billions of dollars more.
china's stock market has grown extremely large, extremely quickly.
unfortunately, not everyone can do that.
discrimination is rampant.
each country is going through its own drama.
but some reasons are obvious.
parliamentary debates are real, and real contested voting takes place.
that history reveals two distinct pricing regimes.
the reasoning is straightforward.
other surveys have exposed extraordinary inaccuracies in perceptions of migrants.
can the millennium development goals be saved?
but the asymmetry in european union-russian energy relations must end.
this assumption is not so far-fetched.
president, we do military strategy, not politics.
paris – france is gravely ill.
moreover, trump will benefit from highly favorable regional conditions.
what would it mean to go straight to palestinian statehood?
this time, the mood was dark.
no one has loved me as strongly as she.
the world’s population is about six billion.
but they are not sufficient.
is it a speculative bubble?
unsurprisingly, banks suddenly became risk-averse.
similarly, opera holds up a mirror to europe’s contemporary problems.
and, in fact, this process had begun much earlier.
in fact, she has chosen the only possible way forward.
was shevardnadze ever honest?
iran’s influence in bahrain, our closest neighbor, is similarly destructive.
finally, europe must place more emphasis on basic research.
so sputnik did not surprise us.
so far the money has not been forthcoming.
it will be a test for blair.
even so, the rest of the world is not powerless.
so, which way will europe go?
this is most apparent in the immigration debate.
in some countries, the answer might be no.
our political leaders can no longer shirk their responsibilities.
as economic relations deepen, cultural relationships develop.
despite rapid gdp growth, the indian economy is fragile.
overcoming inertia will not be easy.
the large, high-growth emerging economies have certain advantages.
this, too, helps european growth.
for them, solidarity is founded on consistent management.
at least one palestinian gentleman thought not.
but both strategies would face serious legal obstacles.
that raises fundamental long-term strategic questions.
to become operational, all european governments must approve it.
most catholics pray that this is not the case.
inflows of foreign capital stopped.
sweden wants to be there by 2045.
this answer is powerful but naïve.
is that true?
that tactic backfired badly.
this is why the lisbon treaty is so important.
assad cannot turn his back on all of this.
one answer is layoffs.
he arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st.
if it is not, it is likely to fail spectacularly.
in august, the currency’s exchange-rate regime was loosened slightly.
she is clever and tough, with little patience for nonsense.
iran, however, does not have this luxury.
and he badly needs his gun to defend them.
should laws governing stock options be reformed?
but removing protection is always politically difficult.
south korea and taiwan eventually became rich democracies.
what would the fund have recommended?
we cannot eliminate global risk.
the failed putsch created a rare opportunity for national unity.
we even sent videotapes of lectures farther afield.
africa will not be entirely immune from such developments.
at first glance, these countries have little in common.
that program, while similar to arafat’s, differs in key ways.
asylum seekers themselves also resist this rule.
but, in each case, those hopes were dashed.
the result was a flowering of science and mathematics.
the third mistake is to create unrealistic expectations.
as jeffrey d.
the family sacrificed everything.
but so will argentina’s own actions.
the experts will face obvious restrictions.
undaunted, he sought to acquire technologies to produce the weapons.
its ships and aircraft can rescue stranded nationals.
but the system needs to be reviewed.
they are not.
in august 2008, european diplomats scrambled to stop the fighting.
eventually, after decades of strife, outside mediation helped.
if chinese growth slows, such expectations might well dissolve.
france should consider europe its own.
and that is the point.
this conception grasps neither growth nor recovery.
the support is huge.
devastated, zweig committed suicide while in exile in 1942.
uncertainty ensures that even optimal policies will lead to mistakes.
“the speed of technological progress is accelerating sharply,” he observed.
national accounts must balance.
but the opposite is true.
here lies the explanation of the interest-rate puzzle.
groups of countries still can.
prepare essential supplies?
second, america has a strong security interest in the region.
meanwhile china has ascended.
but the opposite is true.
it began with collecting rubbish.
have we forgotten all about the theory of deterrence?
fernández is occupied with argentina’s internal problems.
the year of trump?
among sunnis, only 23% thought so.
ideally, state and family were mirror images.
if anything, the opposite has been true.
a new bretton woods?
but the nationalist genie, once released, is not easily controlled.
raising interest rates cannot, however, be a stand-alone policy.
japan has none of these.
effective resolution mechanisms and systemic frameworks remain even more elusive.
for starters, we should focus on where medical training happens.
the current team of leaders has been an enormous disappointment.
open societies are incompatible with closed economies.
of course, many possible candidates can easily be discerned.
so, what should they seek?
but this misses two obvious points.
but it was.
they know that debt default would be disruptive.
the resulting capital inflows have strengthened the currency.
the implications for action are clear.
angelina jolie puts a famous face on this phenomenon.
there are other examples of countries taking effective action.
what will cause the next us recession?
and, of course, healthier fathers have healthier children.
this week’s events in northern ireland contradict such cynicism.
yet, six years later, the debate is entirely different.
this is the fifth piece of the comprehensive plan.
which works better?
it all comes down to natural selection.
political elites promised that “reforms” would bring unprecedented prosperity.
poland is following in hungary’s illiberal footsteps.
romer and david h.
relief may also be coming on the tariff front.
farewell to the revolution?
alas, the expected revolution in therapies is yet to occur.
but improvisation is simply unsustainable in the long run.
what is wrong with the precautionary principle?
but this lead is being eroded.
not all challenges, however, are external.
still, the benefits of deciphering genomes have been tremendous.
she said we were fortunate to live in kenya.
freedom from torture?
this is hardly a sure-fire policy to solve global warming.
alas, colau soon realized that she faced insurmountable obstacles.
afterwards, he will go to china and south korea.
or will it be “excellent in parts”?
there are good reasons for this conservative outlook.
part of the unemployment challenge is tied to hidden costs.
nor has belgrade given grounds for confidence.
but if ad-hoc intervention works, why not formalize it?
the summit itself tends to be a tightly scripted affair.
investors should diversify their risk, and so must china.
solving the problem will not be easy.
successive crises have, however, become more difficult to handle.
foreign investors have responded by pouring resources into the country.
academics spend considerable energy freely disseminating their research findings.
at first, meetings often felt awkward.
in other words, users have become the product.
in fact, greece has a credible debt proposal.
should america be nervous?
this system isn’t entirely hypothetical.
it was a highpoint for american leadership.
new haven – china’s economy is slowing.
it is urgently needed.
the isolationism that characterized america's 1994 congressional elections is forgotten.
fortunately, that is precisely what abe intends to do.
the euro is now six years old.
its stock market is down as world markets rise.
there are five key areas that such initiatives should cover.
its constitution should reflect that.
multinationals must be compelled to do their part.
krenz hesitated, then handed her a press release.
these pressures are serious, and both are discussed publicly.
his far-right party is xenophobic, anti-semitic, and authoritarian.
the most notable such powers are russia and china.
but just how comfortable were all those past certainties, anyway?
this process is creating a powerful snowball effect.
otherwise, bank runs and debt panics will be rampant.
appropriate policies can help.
moreover, it is the start of something much bigger.
so, what should be done?
nature should never be prized merely for its economic value.
boris yeltsin's re-election is a step in the opposite direction.
in yeltsin’s case, putin kept his end of the bargain.
but the european debt-forgiveness plan, though painstakingly crafted, was bogus.
now, we need a new instrument.
unfortunately, the evidence does not support this.
but the reverse is true in europe.
europe’s secret bailout
reality will catch up with us.
an unconditional basic income could eliminate much of this mess.
another breakdown of the interbank market is therefore very unlikely.
they can’t lower the exchange rate to aid exports.
this has happened before.
disease busters going bust
2.
the impact of each is amplified by the others.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding hers proposals.
this is the traditional economic effect.
between one and three million people died in the crusades.
what will most concern french voters when they vote?
iran’s role in iraq also changed.
some grievances are real.
india, too, is now joining the military build-up.
now is the time.
america’s resilience may contrast with europe’s multiple weaknesses.
what would trump be doing?
today, she has much more competition.
they do, however, share an interest in containing india.
there are many ways of curbing big banks’ excesses.
only the kaiser and his evil henchmen were to blame.
aid flows were tiny.
academics validate their judgment.
only then can disaster be averted.
terrorism is like ju-jitsu.
labour seems to be in that situation today.
exchange rates are another wild card.
but it may be able to redeem itself.
pakistan after 9/11
it makes sense to tax them more.
is all of this oil consumption really necessary?
but why does this surprise us?
to be sure, an eu-wide arms-export framework already exists.
in this effort, we are sustained only by education.
preparing a budget is both challenging and important.
mladic must be arrested before talks start, not after.
the eu is, at its core, a construction of law.
moreover, america’s tactics, krepon argues, heighten “its estrangement with pakistan.
they can enroll in government-funded, industry-organized training schemes.
such a direct method is the wellspring of authoritarianism.
probably all three.
what’s really going on in china’s hot property markets?
spending it would not add to any country’s fiscal deficit.
but progress is slow, and brexit is a further obstacle.
for me personally, there is a sense of deja vu.
but merkel hasn’t tried to press her luck since then.
the left needed the resulting debate.
she is grooming hers daughter bishar to succeed him.
china certainly faces serious challenges.
these goals are within reach.
the eu must get it right.
so i readily plead guilty to my economist critic’s charge.
everybody, beginning with france, is hiding.
no human obstruction can long withstand it.
despite these losses, the problem is set to worsen.
the challenge of governing a fractious democracy is never easy.
the doom-mongers lost.
mbs is facing even greater challenges at home.
germany is prepared to take far more.
acting alone can be difficult.
economic inequality is deeper than ever.
afghanistan will hold a presidential election on april 5.
the choice is ours.
even mubarak himself has now been released from prison.
new york – revolutions happen for a reason.
here are some ways to reduce the overhang.
europe “feels” better.
bribes are merely payments for the bureaucrats' signatures.
what can the two countries do, separately and together?
yields could be increased by developing better crop varieties.
start with the second claim.
the next decade offers an opportunity to break the paralysis.
for that reason, the authorities viewed it as profoundly subversive.
but events may force pelosi’s hand.
pluralism is the solution to hausmann’s problem.
these misgivings are both real and unreal.
fiscal reform must also be a high priority.
why was there so much work-sharing in the 1930’s?
there are also domestic political effects.
south korea has impressive soft-power potential.
or were they?
unconventional measures were necessary to prevent their economies from collapsing.
aiming for inclusivity, the un talked to everyone.
their vision was both naive and reckless.
in the long run, more diversity is needed.
but populist politicians chafe under such constraints.
but the agreement actually does nothing to fix that problem.
moreover, many resources are infinite on the internet.
but should such considerations override free speech at any cost?
so they suffered a double loss.
brussels – what is wrong with europe’s banks?
armstrong’s cancer responded extremely well.
which measures can ensure the eu’s global competitiveness?
that suits chinese technology firms just fine.
someday, when she grows up, benedict jr.
economists therefore need to update their toolkit.
significant swaths of the globe may soon be uninhabitable.
yet green jobs are not enough.
that show has years to run.
some latin american countries have raised education spending.
the attention attracted by vision 2030 is not surprising.
finding answers that work won't be easy.
and they do matter.
policies are always conceived and enacted under uncertainty.
china’s growth has been unsustainable for a while.
there can be no doubt that abbas was democratically elected.
but such narratives can lead to conflict.
equally profound was the weakening of marxism.
demand-side policy and structural adjustment are not mutually exclusive.
but there is good news.
this would have far-reaching political consequences.
start with maternal mortality.
the next steps are up to the chinese users themselves.
if anything, the world is even more on edge now.
add to this a regular dose of north korean irrationality.
this equation is too facile.
but that remains a distant prospect.
there is no discernible spanish connection to the case.
it also empowers traditionally disadvantaged groups, particularly women.
but mbs soon showed himself to be far from perfect.
not every fantasy is a vision.
europe or frau germania?
faintheartedness comes at a price.
that makes everyone less safe.
but loose monetary policy is not the whole story.
and, increasingly, china and the world know it.
what made luther’s actions so momentous?
finally, it can be done far more quickly.
is india being its old prickly non-aligned self again?
what africa needs is a new type of investor.
one advantage is that it appears more objective.
governments also have a broader role to play.
his death shocked millions everywhere.
the government can do much to promote such investment.
the value of their assets matters to them.
it sent young people to the west for education.
this suggests that the problem is bigger than fake news.
the biggest successes of obama’s first term concerned economic inclusion.
of course, not all foreigners were adequately protected.
women with the hearts of men were thought exceptional.
now is the time for a bold act of leadership.
but these strengths will not ensure europe’s continued relevance.
that information moves according to the laws of electricity.
today, that figure has fallen to about one-tenth.
this response can have a powerful dampening effect.
is it just a radical-chic outdoor cocktail party?
america’s congress has never had much sympathy for the imf.
the first reason still holds true.
initially, to facilitate debt reduction, bondholders would face another haircut.
this was a high-risk strategy without a safety net.
neusoft began as a low-cost competitor to the oracle corporation.
the european commission understands this.
translation: orderly resolution of global megabanks is an illusion.
likewise, how do we allocate health-care resources?
what does this mean from a business point of view?
three recent developments underscore the urgency of this challenge.
netanyahu’s victory was clearly an impressive personal comeback.
the first concerns energy.
his hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
germany did not knock out france and then conquer russia.
the wto cannot sweep its problems under the carpet forever.
climate change negotiations are going around in circles.
but they, too, depend crucially on us backing and leadership.
but these are, at best, long-term options.
brexit exemplifies the age-old principle that politics thrives on conflict.
a return match is always possible.
it has been developing for decades.
this is europe’s headscarf debate in a nutshell.
the growth of inequality leaves ideological defenders of capitalism unfazed.
our children are back in school.
well, not quite.
most members of the president’s large cabinet are seat warmers.
toward an atlantic divorce?
unfortunately, we failed to deliver on that promise.
indeed, for some countries, progress is at risk of slowing.
some amateur psychoanalysts will point to hers own german heritage.
no shadings, no caveats, just freedom.
china also needs a new financing model for infrastructure projects.
the time for business as usual is over.
since then, however, the price decline has been reversed.
but without global coordination, the policy costs would escalate.
goodhart’s law still has teeth.
but, fundamentally, the crisis is political.
the figures are striking.
of course, the story changed after hussein kamel's defection.
minority youth are, to be sure, over-represented among those involved.
in 1992, swedes accepted that their "swedish model" didn't work.
other empirical studies have produced similar results for western europe.
young people, women, and minorities are under-represented in his coalition.
providing employment, eliminating discrimination .
commodity markets, too, have become a source of disinflationary pressure.
macron has proposed all four.
but those days are numbered.
much of the world has grown weary of the conflict.
but the ccp regime is far from invincible.
and she gave more than consent.
liberalism’s dynamic, sadly, may be spent.
bush, and trump.
why can they participate without assimilating?
china thus needs to preserve the value of its savings.
democratic latin america limps sideways because it can’t run ahead.
most strikingly, slowdowns come earlier in economies with undervalued currencies.
but which issues will dominate 2013?
many, including mexico and chile, have.
such metaphors matter, because they mis-define the problem.
argentine wages and prices rose significantly from 1991 through 1993.
fiscal policy would then become dangerously procyclical, aggravating business fluctuations.
even the office photographer began to notice different photographic choices.
millions of refugee children’s futures will be thrown away.
everyone feels that a seismic shift is under way.
dynamic provisioning has benefited many banks in the past.
that clearly is the case of late in america.
moreover, slowing productivity growth could compound asia’s demographic problem.
but the most important factor may be state capacity.
consider articles 2 and 3 of the nato charter.
new york – the eurozone crisis is reaching its climax.
this was literally true, because the british had reported that.
renzi is not alone in this.
rome – a severe food crisis currently threatens southern sudan.
no worthwhile moral ideal is fully achievable.
but what it needs most, namely government, it is denied.
further aid to the european periphery is still badly needed.
as the war progressed, pro-war voices increasingly fell silent.
the "representative of the three represents" refuse to say.
because that did not happen, china’s rise is now self-sustaining.
such evidence fuels the moral debates about embryo research.
macron understands the folly in the foundations of the eurozone.
but substituting spin for scientific rigor is a terrible strategy.
so, what might an alternative look like?
he also happens to be opposed to taking blue-colored pills.
such a scheme, if poorly designed, might deliver excessive protectionism.
it is worth recalling the outcome of president george w.
is financial repression here to stay?
the results are promising.
all quiet on the burundi front?
infrastructure alone accounts for around 60% of global greenhouse-gas emissions.
the current ahrar commander, ali al-omar, heads this new coalition.
dear world: not all americans pay attention to foreign affairs.
indeed, there is palpable disdain for syria in washington.
song certainly knows how “to catch mice”!
all of the available evidence seems to support this conclusion.
it is impossible to close the gap completely.
water running down is matter losing its potential energy.
an unnecessary precaution.
now, what does that look like?
what about friends?
and fatigued regulators, eager to declare victory, may concur.
but does he deserve everything now hanging over his head?
half-measures will not do.
the shock and its effect are large.
agitators for reform will continue to push.
libya offered its own supposedly more “encompassing and comprehensive” proposal.
a smart, comprehensive plan would calm the fears.
these conflicts have exacted a heavy economic toll.
third, don’t punish britain.
this is europe’s future.
conventional wisdom held that quick privatization would reverse this process.
naming names in syria
predictably, argentina’s gamble turned sour.
assuming that emu flies, i.e.
it’s hard to say.
perhaps surprising for modern politicians, morales took hers words seriously.
nothing less will do.
let’s hope we pass the test.
russia is by no means seeking to isolate itself.
maria destroyed the forest, too.
a number of factors shape this approach.
the outcome is difficult to predict.
one of the most important areas was the energy sector.
for starters, there is no legal basis for his demand.
this is a tragedy.
they also affect the location of production and investment.
since taking office in may, she has strived to deliver.
but how would the eu respond?
and building this grid would generate plenty of good jobs.
nato and u.s.
princeton – niccolò machiavelli is trending.
the second casualty is unrestricted immigration from the eu.
so, imagine that you invest $10,000 in the s&p index.
france and the united kingdom are ranked in the middle.
this could involve direct provocations and potentially even armed clashes.
it’s that time again: the world cup is upon us.
the third priority is putting knowledge into practice.
a happier ending for imf reform?
private investors concur with such assessments.
but that is not what happened.
that could fundamentally change the strategic calculus in the region.
without a strong eu, this development will only intensify.
applied to market societies, kant’s idea yields fascinating conclusions.
closing this education gap must be a top priority.
furthermore, representative democracy is fragile and precious.
manufacturing investment accounts for the largest share – 30%.
this is not science; it is religion.
from christian democracy to muslim democracy?
it is time to move on.
we must seize it.
where does this self-satisfied reaction come from?
the two groups are drawn from a cross-section of society.
then there is iran.
most americans, however, are focused on today’s downturn, not tomorrow’s.
candidates, half of whom will be newcomers to politics.
governments must continue pushing for a multilateral emissions-reduction deal.
or perhaps it is not so new after all.
why is malaria on the rise again?
inflation targeting can claim important achievements, which carstens duly listed.
this self-inflicted wound will take a long time to heal.
salim ahmad hamdan served as osama bin laden’s personal driver.
the new deal’s second crucial ingredient is politics.
but re-imposing capital controls is simply not a fruitful option.
the economic case against gasoline subsidies seems ironclad.
but that, too, looks like mission impossible.
but america's institutional structure differs markedly from europe.
the statistics are similar in egypt and libya.
he will be sorely missed.
discrimination and abuse against men can no longer stand.
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
or perhaps a bit of both?
the result may be a death sentence for many.
so there is still much to worry about.
beijing – china’s economic performance in 2018 was rather disappointing.
did development fail in kenya?
the london whale is a case in point.
tokyo – has japan’s political paralysis finally lifted?
none of this is the point of a g20 summit.
productivity also matters.
but the virus of nationalism has survived and multiplied.
a wave election in america?
it is proving to be a tough sell.
none of this is currently evident in germany.
coherent action from governments and businesses will accelerate this transition.
– are setting their sights on sevastopol.
he left us with an unsolved problem.
the propaganda was successful.
and there will be some cost.
after all, she controls the monetary spigot.
we all breathe the same air.
the country is deeply divided.
but diplomatic “progress” has repeatedly proved to be a chimera.
britain is hardly unique.
why is this story getting so much attention?
weather information is readily available.
we do not know which of the two effects predominates.
in the medium term, however, china appears even more frightening.
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping him there.
finally, the car carries no warranty.
why should transition countries care?
why is the economic mood so negative?
but the real europeans loved him for it.
giuliani was thus forced to cancel hers trip.
she was steadily rebuffed by the american government.
other tropical parasitic diseases imply similarly extraordinary burdens in africa.
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m.
but the critical issue will be the single currency.
and older people are not far behind.
one ally in particular was crucial.
simply put, we want to share what we have learned.
but more must be done to combat the informal economy.
that, too, can be addressed only collectively.
the us would be wise to reject that view.
so nato remains in business, and in afghanistan.
she opposed the formation of nato.
instead, it chose democracy.
this brings us to the vexed question of fiscal policy.
disputes between states will always arise.
media pluralism leads to informational chaos.
normally, any central bank would welcome a positive supply shock.
it did not do so, allowing the opportunity slip away.
the explanation of this mysterious trust may lie elsewhere.
there are three alternatives.
indeed, when indian foreign minister s.
and he has a very good case.
africans used the principle of self-determination to end colonial rule.
stanford university, an hour away down the coast, is private.
growth would still have slowed, but with far less risk.
that brings us back to the inflation option.
the east asian crisis: what next?
now it is 40%.
politically and socially, macron was seen as serving the wealthy.
hers last foreign-intelligence chief, abu zayd dorda, epitomizes this trend.
cheney’s facts were obviously wrong, but so was hers logic.
again, evidence from migration tests this hypothesis.
but simple substitution will not do.
more than three million children are no longer in school.
the effect was to impose further hardship on the palestinians.
greece needs more debt relief.
nearly a half-million people have died there since 2011.
those women came from all strata of society.
the most important issue now is the fischer succession.
it requires broadband connections, rather than shipping lanes.
london – speaking outside no.
its ballistic missile development is much further advanced.
washington, dc – europe has a decision to make.
what’s wrong with the news?
there is none.
france may have already found its next president.
she pulls out her cell phone and checks for messages.
rent-seeking distorts the economy.
slamming the euro door
why is this resurgence happening?
in some ways, he’s right.
“right and necessary care could have saved her life.
catastrophic events like hurricane katrina have reinforced this stance.
nevertheless, i do have one big question.
great britain came to the defense of belgium and france.
but that should not prevent us from exploring all scenarios.
it was, and is, a superb system for overcoming scarcity.
but with so much capital, the options are limited.
can the renminbi take on the world?
but there are strong grounds for optimism.
but for china, this distinction rings hollow.
it affects the allocation of budgetary resources.
the poverty of thinking about poverty
the implication is clear.
but harm goes beyond physical violence.
but there are notable differences this time around.
now consider debt.
but that is a utopian delusion, for three reasons.
this is essentially the bargain macron has offered merkel.
and, on this front, expectations are low.
accession negotiations with turkey are now a fact.
lower-profile rivals and enemies have suffered harsher treatment.
the other 97 deficits did not magically appear.
women have changed, yet the nature of work hasn’t.
i am writing this from cape canaveral, florida.
but french citizens understood – and many voted for macron.
afterward, capital flows to developing countries stagnated.
african leaders are right to be concerned.
there is no issue that is more pressing.
flecks of dried blood peeled up from the floor.
china will launch a new asian infrastructure investment bank.
the main problem is legal lag.
consider, first, domestic economic conditions, starting with the employment picture.
we should not make it even harder for ourselves.
this story has influenced japan ever since.
events in italy could precipitate a crisis in the eurozone.
the world has seen such a synthesis before.
mai loves her child.
so, rather than boosting investment, they reduce it.
neither is likely.
the new budget does two things.
for palestinians, these are signs of victory.
relations with this region has been shunted to the side.
she merely took them to the extreme.
venezuela’s crisis is not the result of bad luck.
two big changes are necessary.
this holds important implications for efforts to revive multilateralism.
history is repeating itself.
australians want to be coerced into voting.
rejecting dietetic advice amounted to rejecting moral wisdom.
unfortunately, this blessing can turn into a curse.
yet success or failure still depends on the individual athlete.
will the democrats seize the opportunity?
the timing of all of this was awkward.
but improved efficiency has its limits.
hundreds of top positions still await nominees.
part of the problem lies in india's deracinated party politics.
other strategic actors must also be taken into account.
above all, the eu needs to lead by example.
the fire this time in haiti
precedents exist for this.
israelis and palestinians are fighting a low-level war.
we know the origins of the stability and growth pact.
southerners were subject to systematic and institutionalized marginalization.
but these gains remain fragile.
yet history would provide them soon enough.
old europe, young world
verdicts on mao differ wildly.
am i the world's best?
women are ready, willing, and able.
the achievements are notable, if insufficient.
there is no other option.
that is one of the reasons for the current crisis.
can science save the world?
government, too, dissaved by running deficits.
so policymakers’ responses cannot be evaluated by short-term measures, either.
they must be held to account for that.
the environmental consequences measured in economic terms are also significant.
conversely, obama’s popularity sagged during much of hers eight-year presidency.
· reinforce anti-terrorist cooperation.
second, we need to build a close security relationship.
the first is inadequate skills levels, aggravated by complacency.
this has always been stunning to me.
alas, none was forthcoming.
we are prepared for either eventuality.
moreover, the protesters are essentially leaderless and lack clear objectives.
obama the european?
the first would settle the terms of divorce.
we in the developed world live in democracies.
china also followed kindleberger’s financial lessons.
but, he adds, national income per head is flat.
in other words, holding duration was nearly halved.
stockholm – is the world sliding dangerously toward cyber armageddon?
awesome frontier barriers are erected.
in syria, the situation is almost a mirror image.
not surprisingly, foreign investors no longer favor putin’s russia.
their conviction had no basis in poll results.
consider the energy inefficiency of an automobile, for example.
the old clarity of ideology and propaganda was lost.
immunity from prosecution is no less salient.
that will change - hallelujah!
nevertheless, russia remains susceptible to europe’s allure.
this is why pursuing assange is futile and absurd.
otherwise, global financial markets will be destroyed by regulatory arbitrage.
why does it not belong to everyone?
europe’s leaders should heed that experience.
worse, it would disproportionately harm the us.
globalization is not responsible for third world poverty.
the uttar pradesh elections gave modi a strong mandate.
perhaps the chinese should not worry.
the complex challenges facing workers worldwide will require complex solutions.
similar political and substantive jockeying occurs in european countries.
moreover, us engagement has gone beyond governments.
that view is not quite right.
today, they have become a staple of policymakers’ toolkits.
on the contrary, it allowed national identity to flourish.
will financial “deepening” continue?
south koreans certainly have much to thank the americans for.
denial is not a strategy.
thus runs the self-defeating cycle of fiscal austerity.
american pushback on this front, though justified, should be tempered.
the law is starting to show signs of change.
there is a solution.
but that takes time.
twin and triple crises are not uncommon.
the lhc confirmed one reliable prediction: the higgs boson.
politically, too, a similar reality check is needed.
it can be misread or misused, but never rationed.
how did france get to this point?
others worked cheaply in poland as cleaners and building workers.
the military had investigated the military.
just consider: machinery “may render the population redundant”!
but this can only be a first step.
some of the obstacles are logistical.
border tax adjustment.
central to fairness is the ability to pay.
saudi arabia has achieved both objectives.
for israel (and saudi arabia), the answer is clearly iran.
a certain degree of violence inevitably accompanies human progress.
latin american economists are particularly pessimistic.
used that service before developing its own search capability.
decades later, the new order was still in flux.
but the celebration is likely to be short.
lack of resources is no excuse, either.
during president george w.
that is not the case.
it is time to adjust.
other countries, one hopes, will follow suit.
this, in turn, requires a sense of responsibility and solidarity.
the review contains many positive conclusions.
next, trump will head to vietnam and the philippines.
the twentieth congress put an end to that.
this is not a theoretical proposition.
but, then, nothing is free.
further eu enlargement is also imperative.
unfortunately, sensible estimates are not breaking news.
governments, and ultimately citizens, can improve the world in 2020.
she could do much more, if only she trusted herself.
what next in afghanistan?
in fact, there is evidence that this is now happening.
eventually, puerto rico was unable to meet its debt-servicing obligations.
yet time is very short.
there are two reasons for this.
audio tapes from kennedy's presidency aided in making the film.
no wonder politics has become confrontational.
such networks begin working long before they reduce transaction costs.
finally, there is the fourth “i”: innovation.
in february, the german authorities granted me an entrance visa.
nor would the problem be limited to farmers.
you can’t make this stuff up.
who lost the south china sea?
budapest: since 1989, hungary has conducted three general elections.
in east asia, too, women are on the rise politically.
none of this happened.
which is better?
central banks’ legitimacy matters most when the stakes are highest.
but policymakers did not take his proposal seriously.
occasionally, however, damage is not repaired.
local behavior reflects these perspectives.
“leave” voters obviously feel some imperial nostalgia.
and this is true in both emerging and advanced economies.
three lessons in particular stand out.
london – what is a failed state?
it has not cut off food and fuel.
six to eight countries may make it.
mechanisms of accountability are not just auditing devices.
libertarian paternalists are different.
what can be done?
there was also history and bad luck.
property rights and political rights both have powerful beneficiaries.
in latin america, many people live with outstretched hands.
they have not given up on winning the game.
in the longer term, europe will face serious demographic challenges.
for weeks, we heard nothing of hers fate.
the precise legal situation remains in flux.
other convincing explanations are lacking.
nobody wants to bail out banks that make bad decisions.
now it isn’t.
this political environment is hardly conducive to fiscal consolidation.
but somalia desperately needs a more holistic, long-term development strategy.
his twitter account provides instant feedback.
the imf has no powers to enforce rulings.
this requires parliaments that can both legislate and govern.
but manufacturing today is not what it used to be.
istanbul – it was good while it lasted.
should the world really be more fearful than hopeful?
at world war ii’s end, george f.
as moral creatures, we are driven to enforce justice.
five priority areas stand out.
is a scientific answer possible?
to be sure, some who benefit would want to stay.
this opens an important avenue for the control of evil.
child survival data are similarly worrying.
her husband earns 80-90 rupees ($1.90 or €1.40) a day.
all aspects of him legacy are earnestly disputed.
the benefit is therefore modest.
the voters did not find it credible.
two dollar fallacies
china’s people have responded.
obviously, the terrorist attacks of late november complicate this story.
in foreign affairs, too, italy has become more assertive.
or so ministers ask themselves.
now politicians are taking over.
but that is unlikely.
after the war, he returned to politics.
but the hole would reappear the morning after.
the results of this "competitive solidarity" are huge.
kennedy to george h.w.
the candidates’ debates were revealing in this respect.
equality is key.
in fact, they are slaves to preserving their dominant position.
japan is no exception.
are we up to that task?
new haven – three cheers for central banks!
why is this so?
the same is true of modi in india.
china is at a turning point.
there is no more time to waste.
and they could be right.
speaking of cryptocurrencies in general, buffett was scathing.
histories, but so were russians.
the change of heart was driven by four factors.
if postponed, moreover, costs will rise.
this year has been one of seesawing policy responses.
a reimagined rickshaw may be just the ticket.
these measures restored peace.
thatcher was skilled.
such legitimizing policies are readily available to south korea.
and why these particular goals?
identifying the best policies for reducing inequality remains a puzzle.
but elop was not the only person at fault.
the answer is no.
changes in israel are also contributing to the mood swing.
however, the world’s black populations are the prime victims.
inequality is real.
the answer is twofold.
we understand why they go.
the place sounded arabic, and that was enough.
more than two years later, however, the situation has changed.
he wrote this article in mid november, before japan’s elections.
during the same period, inequality in china has been declining.
the same problem weakens his policies toward iran and europe.
heart attack, cancer, and even falls were often fatal.
of course, the best defense is our own self-control.
still, many questions remain.
but that is not all.
some interesting ideas have been floated.
moreover, this is not an affront to economics.
wrong – and by a long shot.
now, the unconventional has become conventional.
a great breakdown?
but there is no persuasive evidence of either.
child mortality is high.
these interests are unlikely to change for a long time.
what will it take to make this idea work?
the list is alarming.
others claim that renewables are the way to go.
the nigerian schoolgirls near you
there is more.
egypt has 30 newspapers and more than 200 television channels.
mexico’s essential problem in achieving accelerated economic growth lies elsewhere.
this had some fatuous implications in the case of china.
but the election has left britain confusingly split.
displaced women, often destitute, are easy prey for criminals.
on a third issue, the results so far are mixed.
corruption is pervasive, and xi’s campaign remains broadly popular.
thompson, began to protest to survive.
if these were trees, we could grow more.
milton friedman (savage’s mentor and co-author) and anna j.
that proved decisive.
but the monopoly has fallen on hard times.
each one catches us by surprise: 1956, 1973, 1979, 1990.
the chinese economy is not over-heating.
yet the full text of his speech tells it all.
but how, exactly, should the region’s policymakers respond?
but what was assumed is now known.
today, western disorientation regarding syria is absolute.
why should the us bother?
these values are rooted in culture, religion, history, and tradition.
returns have since collapsed.
but the general trend is unambiguous.
budapest: first haider, now berlusconi.
nevertheless, bush and blair went ahead with the attack.
the first development is the decline of alternative trade arrangements.
nothing in the usmca does that.
further liberalization of farm trade will not ensure food security.
this may seem uncaring.
as former us ambassador to china gary f.
what’s the problem with protectionism?
economic conditions in china appear set to worsen further.
regime change in china?
this is both short-sighted and hazardous.
surely this is the more objectionable stance.
indeed, can central bankers be truly independent?
gas prices are growing, and so are russian salaries.
to be sure, our predictive ability is far from complete.
five important steps must come next.
true, electricity from coal will cause extra air pollution.
germany’s enthusiasm for solar power is understandable.
and this phenomenon did not begin with the us-led invasion.
she and hers fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
as important is a straightforward decline in literacy.
all were young women.
against that background, china’s growing assertiveness may not surprise many.
magufuli’s assault on press freedom has been particularly troubling.
putin gets a pass on chechnya.
good science is the cornerstone of both policies.
that is money that is badly needed for development.
this involves more than just stuffing the ballot box.
and that means that these expenditures must be investments .
who will win egypt?
for example, during that period, president richard m.
nixon restricted us soybean exports in hopes of dampening inflation.
after all, islamic militants have repeatedly tried to assassinate musharraf.
it’s hard to go against one’s nature, i might say.
holbrooke had expected the call.
take the demand side first.
nobody wanted to rock the chinese-powered boat.
nato holds regular consultations with all of our partners.
to panic would be premature.
consequently, oil prices increase.
let’s ponder this.
nor are muslim women alone.
moreover, this is not just a story about sales.
many countries are taking steps in this direction.
following the revolution, factional struggle within the moi became public.
this is europe, so they do not die of hunger.
but, rather than folding their cards, european leaders doubled down.
washington d.c.: reform is afoot within islam.
most of my close colleagues at work are similarly foreign-born.
the chinese were certainly pleased.
obese people often share society’s low opinion of them.
but it is a start.
unconventional monetary policies have created a massive overhang of liquidity.
yet such a move seems unlikely.
what’s wrong with ethnic profiling?
“but let’s take a two-step approach.
they, too, will need help from the international community.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until she did.
but they might well be misreading their citizens’ concerns.
the same is also true for many forms of insurance.
instead, they have cut back on spending.
but she must think strategically about the future.
but cities still often operate in a pre-market way.
trade policy is not the answer to trade deficits.
but china’s dam construction is not just about national pride.
it is hard to predict how long this will take.
welcome back to the capitol.
thus, debt must increase.
tackling the region’s problems will require assistance in several areas.
many more are hospitalized with severe illness.
the other half were a control group.
there is a huge amount of confrontation on stage.
things began to change with tony blair’s government.
we are, in short, moving to a multi-polar world.
this is obama’s america.
as the region’s history shows, that is no easy task.
it is difficult, but not impossible, to imagine the u.s.
yet they are not powerless.
repression is one reason.
some large eu countries are on the brink of recession.
what explains this trend?
saudi arabia clearly enchanted trump.
each factor has special resonance here.
it also entails important institutional, political, and social dimensions.
greenhouse-gas emissions are the archetypal case.
without her, the democratic opposition has no strong leader.
they left behind orphans, and history orphaned them as well.
is there a way out of this dilemma?
indeed, chirac's tone and tactics conform to textbook gaullist patterns.
sadly, just the opposite is true.
we're not being tough enough.
the answer depends on the politics of both sides.
tuberculosis or hair loss?
political turbulence has further disrupted development efforts.
but patients are not the only variable.
of course, economic convergence is a long-term business.
the fbi’s investigation forced scott out of his job.
depression is also costly in developing countries.
two decades later, germany may be in a different mood.
just over half came from outside the eu.
the foreign-policy “realists” opposed a supposedly idealistic “humanitarian” intervention.
the first is who will pay for infrastructure construction.
but no reliable studies have established this strategy’s effectiveness.
it doesn’t have to be this way.
indeed, there is no shortage of potentially explosive situations.
the world george h.w.
to them, cochlear implants are an enhancement beyond normal functioning.
this gives us considerable standing.
and juncker was not picking up.
the standard economic case for trade is a domestic one.
capacity will need to be built.
but she eventually found out she could play another part.
the us is not in decline.
these benefits do not come without risk.
no statesman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
this did not go down well, particularly with the germans.
it sounds like a scene from a hollywood movie.
trump has also introduced several innovations into the summit formula.
democracy today must urgently address this insufficiency of solidarity.
public support is typically delivered in one of three ways.
it is time to recapture that memory.
oxford – in response to climate change, land is key.
but wedge issues, by definition, tend to galvanize both sides.
tens of billions of dollars are still missing.
the answer probably is a combination of these factors.
but what happens next?
central banks are the classic example.
all is not lost.
corruption is decried across cultures and throughout history.
as i, along with george p.
shultz, william j.
perry, henry a.
today’s challenge is to isolate the diverse sources of change.
after all, they are living in deeply confusing times.
the second is china’s ongoing demographic transformation.
this is simply not true.
these “profiles in courage,” to borrow john f.
some attribute the price drop to the us shale-energy boom.
the united states represents another downside risk for global growth.
political union may remain possible in the distant future.
all countries must take the threat of nuclear terrorism seriously.
stop calling us idiots.
bush, and john roos, a noted silicon valley lawyer.
we should take him at his word.
a one-year perspective is now deemed sufficient.
and more new breakthroughs are on the horizon.
nation building comes at a price--in time, money, and effort.
it is time to stop the killing.
this gives young workers a major advantage.
indeed, the bond-market channel is unlikely to boost growth.
perhaps they were not even replaced.
this destroyed what little confidence in the banking system remained.
who does chirac think is at fault?
they will be worse off.
and europe would avert the looming depression.
john maynard keynes, however, had little time for this view.
the economics profession would beg to differ.
six months later, they meet again.
”how’s life?” the first woman asks again.
this turn of events is confusing.
him four governments have enacted no significant growth-enhancing reforms.
but the danger is not only political confrontation between states.
brazilian democracy could be destroyed because justice was upheld.
growth, however, does only mean getting people out of poverty.
the al-sauds have no easy option.
would african partners want this?
under-investment in technology is evident throughout the economy.
with enough support in congress, clinton would enact these policies.
indeed, for some political leaders, indifference is seductive.
here the world is uni-polar.
not so today.
they are skilled but ruthless, lack humility and eschew reflection.
reform is unavoidable.
the united states elected a black man president.
in june, speaking at the st.
many children with disabilities also face stigma, bullying, and violence.
time must be taken for explanation, consultation, and negotiation.
the nuclear accord simultaneously accomplished two things.
relying on competitive exchange rates, meanwhile, is collectively impossible.
can ramaphosa fix south africa?
ask yourself: will it be good for me?
other countries (like spain) have their own real estate crises.
they need good governance.
they are helping johnson do a dijsselbloem, not a varoufakis.
the critical issue concerns asean’s engagement with civil society.
well, i do.
they could repair their damaged credibility.
source: central bank of brazil.
in fact, it is not.
a three-state solution for israel and palestine?
who is right?
the john deeres and monsantos have now joined forces.
diaspora populations are another major potential source of development financing.
but confrontation is not the whole story.
historical debate is a sign of a healthy society.
instead, they are largely a response to domestic political imperatives.
in hungary, orbán’s approach to capitalism has been more complex.
eight myths cloud debate over stock market policy in china.
but that threat did not materialize.
such technologies also have critical medical uses.
others have advocated more forceful action.
disciplining these new mps will be difficult, not impossible.
europe or anti-europe?
some perspective is called for.
complicating matters further is the growing interdependence of our societies.
not from me.
after all, how would a brazilian default affect mexico?
but the international community was not interested in that distinction.
this is hard for islamist parties to accept.
for two years, sea levels have declined.
the potential for instability has not gone unnoticed in china.
the boe appears truly conflicted.
they are embedded in societies in the form of culture.
they are poorly distributed, unsafe, and not future-ready.
in short, there is nothing wrong with public-spirited innovation capital.
the third stage extends the myth through heroic triumph.
but there is more about this than politics.
in fact, african-americans do not fully support him.
would expectations shift to a much higher inflation rate?
this is the view that i have of the eu.
what went wrong?
“i would just tell you,” joint staff director lt.
renewable rawmaterials account for around 4% of basf’s total feedstock.
even if it were, would it be necessary?
france will most likely play a critical role as well.
at present, robots are mere items of property.
such bans are not really about beef, but about freedom.
the uranium was seized in a sting operation.
but socialism is concerned about ordinary individuals.
relations between states are driven by cooperation, competition, and confrontation.
but will it be enough?
in india and pakistan, kashmir is the national question.
today, that figure stands at less than 11%.
we should not be so quick to play along.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against men or black people.
it is about who people think they are.
of course, the large cartels no longer exist.
in a sense, machismo has gone underground.
much the same is true of real interest rates.
indeed, “long term” must be the strategic starting point.
is the global dollar in jeopardy?
to many observers, glass-steagall made no sense.
in other words, lactation is critical to the tsetse’s survival.
han meilin was badly persecuted during the cultural revolution.
by contrast, there were only passing mentions of consumer-led rebalancing.
not far behind was egypt, ranked 14th.
but nato expansion is worse than pointless; it is dangerous.
but that is not what most nonprofit programs can achieve.
both president george bush sr.
the second question concerns the eu’s scope.
hers answer remains controversial to this day.
socialism or global division?
but such fears remain.
what might such a shift look like?
another solution is to improve the quality of care.
moreover, in many countries, capitalism arrived without democracy.
media have served to reinforce these narratives.
numbness, rather than hysteria, is the norm.
litigation can be costly and hazardous.
of course there were challenges.
should i be made an ‘example’ to others?
in economics: “all humans are rational utility maximizers.
the gap between rich and poor is getting wider.
by 2017, that figure was under 2%.
some may be shared; some not.
with diesel, the situation is more complicated.
of course, she is free to do otherwise.
religion isn’t dying; nor should it.
the result was dramatic and vastly exceeded expectations.
quantified selfers can contribute their own health and activity data.
robotization without taxation?
indeed, terrorists are advancing in some areas.
creating the g20 was a good idea.
moreover, economic growth is everywhere to be seen.
but a russian aerial bombardment rolled back these advances, too.
to be successful, this initiative cannot focus on short-term results.
macroeconomic instability reflects deeper social and political factors.
only then will the populist magic stop working.
some of america’s billionaires earn kudos for their philanthropy.
the case for refugee education is clear.
she ate chocolate and watched nba games.
the interior minister was sacked.
monetary shocks led to geopolitical irrelevance.
but now things are strikingly different.
but the economy’s travails were deeper than this diagnosis suggested.
berkeley – sometimes the worst intentions yield the best results.
from 17th c.
water and arable land are in short supply.
i see this as an important precedent for the future.
in both cases, the underlying problem is insufficient aggregate demand.
graduation is a day of ending and beginning.
there is no doubt about that.
households, politicians, and regulators were also complicit.
“life lost its meaning,” he told american lawmakers in 2008.
financial markets have applauded the ecb’s recent decisions.
“never again,” americans decided.
it was a scandal with deep historical roots.
and they are prepared to punish ukraine for it.
political maps are never carved in stone.
but “treatment” does not mean helping existing sufferers.
poland, and some others, received timely help from the west.
there is a huge gap in our array of solutions.
not according to nicholls, tol, and vafeidis.
displaced doctors are better able to treat refugee patients’ ailments.
progress is impossible without change.
policymakers cannot manipulate such outcomes at will.
in fact, neither scenario is plausible.
many diplomatic formulas have been tried, but progress remains elusive.
venture capital (vc) investment has reached near-record highs.
but, what, exactly, is the causal mechanism?
as janine r.
it must be estimated with a complex economic model.
for starters, countries need to reform their bankruptcy laws.
eisenhower’s successor, john f.
kennedy, arrived at the same conclusion.
financial flows are excessively volatile.
success breeds confidence, but it also attracts envy.
its cost may exceed a little the budgetary savings.
the final bastion of radical monetary-policy experimentation is japan.
empathy can make us act unjustly.
“i lived there for several years,” she said.
should he have been prevented from making that choice?
this situation is likely to change in 2012.
our industry hasalways been at the forefront of innovation.
that means the peace process is dead; netanyahu wins.
pelosi hoped to influence the senate’s trial rules.
of course, greece is a more advanced economy than argentina.
and yet obama seems likely to be reelected in november.
many greeted the decision, announced in july, with glee.
but, beteta's conviction was only a partial victory.
clearly, indian society has a complex relationship with sports.
and individuals and corporations can declare bankruptcy.
this is the urgent requirement of today.
i was a bit concerned.
germany has benefited enormously from the creation of the euro.
a little transparency inevitably leads to more.
this is way over the top.
rhetoric is not enough.
but another analogy may be more suitable.
skeptics have pointed to the limits of friedman’s metaphor.
the list of urgent challenges facing humanity is depressingly long.
humans are humans.
maybe i am guilty of splitting hairs.
in spain, citizens were united by economic and social despair.
the problem is not limited to the middle east.
putin’s brezhnev syndrome
consider the global financial crisis.
in plain english, an “occupation tax” is needed.
macron’s style and mistakes made it even tougher.
a report in 2015 by a.
jay wagner and anthony l.
such a debt-conversion program would offer five benefits.
to be sure, some domestic banks continue to provide credit.
was it an honest mistake?
together, we must restore the heart of france.
the device is simple.
as 2015 begins, similar difficult decisions may become increasingly common.
but the promised de-escalation should not be overestimated.
this is the most serious danger.
the global population is set to stabilize.
let the good times roll again?
stories like these can be heard across the continent.
as such, a complete solution is yet to emerge.
indeed, focus turns the vendors into allies – and sponsors.
bridges to somewhere
2.
but there is more to north korea’s situation than economics.
tokyo – president dmitri a.
by the federal reserve's measure, stocks are overpriced by 40%.
a life entirely dictated by markets would be bereft meaning.
ethiopia is not alone.
the ai road to serfdom?
this makes sense.
if this is the case, the eurozone’s days are numbered.
president george w.
but no bubble can expand forever.
syria, iraq, and yemen are now riven by war.
but india is not alone in stumbling.
europe can either overcome them or succumb to them.
these are noble aspirations – but very expensive.
many factors can influence sustainable development outcomes.
simply put, the us has been overplaying its hand.
the palestinians fear having a quasi-israeli diktat imposed on them.
hers long-term fate, however, would be much grimmer.
so, where do those ideas come from?
a canonical example is discretionary monetary policy.
i fear not.
and, after world war ii, the isolationists went into retreat.
investors suspect such phenomenal growth was achieved at gazprom’s expense.
the materials scientist is a woman.
but let’s look at the costs and benefits.
many of his colleagues assumed he was joking; he wasn’t.
but do the iraqis really have these three choices?
this was my “normal.”
few doubt that they will be.
hers admiration for vladimir putin, russia’s authoritarian leader, is alarming.
an african horn of plenty
as thomas l.
ten-year anniversaries are an opportunity for reflection and accountability.
but central banks are not like other banks.
nothing of substance was agreed.
the aim is to curb risk-taking by financial institutions.
like hers predecessors, george w.
unfortunately, it is the wrong question.
within a week of the attacks, president george w.
moreover, smart phones undermine physical safety in some contexts.
why is the renminbi depreciating?
a few weeks ago, only the first reading looked plausible.
if they did that, they could not borrow at all.
macroeconomic stabilization is but the start.
two important cultural values underpin china’s political system.
back then, singh, as finance minister, played a central role.
today, journalism is one of the most dangerous professions anywhere.
the definition of major depressive disorder (mdd) became purely symptom-based.
conflicts rage in too many places.
there is also the issue of inequality.
but what then?
there will be no peace settlement otherwise.
it is impossible to imagine her surviving a primary campaign.
alas, hatoyama controls only the narrow field of policy.
make no mistake: the islamic state is strong.
beyond these examples, there have been many others.
the explanation for this apparent cognitive dissonance is simple.
individual scientific disciplines are understood fairly well.
no eu government, however, yet seems prepared to face this.
this would enhance export competitiveness at a stroke.
the answer depends on what one means by the eu.
few people can muster great enthusiasm for the un.
building new roads, for example, usually requires additional construction machinery.
a range of institutions has echoed hers warning.
but there are serious problems with krugman’s narrative.
there is a similar question about the perpetrators.
which side the holy virgin takes remains to be seen.
this is anything but a risk-free path.
of course, there are obvious differences between 1989 and now.
and, in japan, ten-year yields are below 0.4%.
and the unpopularity of wealth taxes has impeded global cooperation.
then comes the question of how to fight it.
once again, abbas looked feeble in comparison.
who is more ambitious?
top bankers want to make a lot of money.
causes for misalignment may be found on both sides.
to be sure, some leading republicans openly oppose trump.
but such policies are only part of the solution.
what does japan want from america?
the first pillar is education.
but that by itself does not impoverish anyone.
but turkey will not sit idly on europe’s doorstep.
china breaks crowther’s mold.
let us consider the fixity of land.
the case for vaccination is strong.
three factors may explain this trend.
china is currently in a holding pattern.
in this war, there was no such discussion.
is that necessarily a bad thing?
the corridor leading to heaven, which zakrzewski calls purgatory.
talent is drawn – like a magnet – to opportunity.
can anything be done to quell their anger?
rather, it is an urgent necessity.
the prophets of supra-national multiculturalism thus reject a federal democracy.
there should be five imf programs per year, not fifty.
the main objectives of the sdgs have already been agreed.
but experience suggests that putin is unlikely to do so.
snags and fissures now bedevil croatia's infant democratic reforms.
he moved step by step, invariably in the same direction.
he sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
up to that point, the violence was still containable.
thus, territorial assertiveness has become intertwined with national renewal.
and government would still be responsible for implementation.
and this is a big win.
this has happened before.
voilà: problem solved.
thus was born the post-industrial economy.
a different question is whether venezuela should pay.
buy back or pay forward?
but worries have extended to other emerging economies, too.
but this is not quite true.
we should find new ways to cooperate in this area.
the international community must also rethink how aid is delivered.
fixing education investment requires action in two key areas.
which view is right?
this is a mess with an easy solution.
the truth is simpler.
in fact, acting now is barely costly at all.
and, most important, men far outnumber populists.
aside from wringing their hands, what should governments be doing?
in short, sons represent income and sons an expense.
almost everybody dismissed these dreams.
a cross-border european bank merger would have several benefits.
there are other ideas that might be tried.
unfortunately, non-deaths are a non-story.
three forces of darkness are apparent.
and, as is hers wont, trump threatened to sue bannon.
if you cannot do that, you have no negotiating power.
but she disagrees about what happens next.
clearly, the us cannot do much to resolve the conflict.
the others are never caught.
nato has sufficient power to impose such a settlement.
the gap is one of productivity.
this behavior is understandable.
but europeans cannot harbor any illusions about russia’s intent.
in the public sector, the one-size-fits-all approach still prevails.
nutrition for growth
civil society is weak.
the third uncertainty is britain’s negotiating objectives.
since 1980, the 1% and the 90% have traded places.
unfortunately, the appropriate sense of urgency is missing.
but it also must repair its relationship with turkey.
yet the potential for a perfect storm is brewing.
now russians wonder what has happened to their leader’s face.
but this is a dangerously complacent argument.
this is absent in china.
economic factors also militate against chinese prospects.
true, the left-right cleavage remains salient in many countries.
addressing these problems will be difficult, but not impossible.
bush or kerry - both can deliver the foreign support.
but by doing so she stigmatized the banks.
capital flight from china is now at a record high.
these labels often confuse the american public.
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” she will ask.
indeed, deutsche bank has already stopped participating in refinancing operations.
all that must change.
there were uniform rules and equal protection for everyone.
there is, however, some reason for hope.
but only one-third of them had actually voted.
merah imagined that she was a jihadi.
indeed, the two regimes are now joined at the hip.
the people’s call on ledra street must be heard.
the latter is where the likes of kudrin come in.
such debt finance is both equitable and efficient.
this kind of reorientation will not be easy.
their commitment will be required to support any peace deal.
became a realistic possibility, not a pipedream.
international peacekeepers should enforce such a truce.
did he even support democracy?
japan also faces serious demographic challenges.
this would help reduce consumption of scarce natural resources.
hers fundamental proposition was that development is about people.
who caused the currency wars?
the us did not see things that way.
hers unpopularity has become their unpopularity.
it’s simply too difficult to master.
but then it grew, and everything changed.
the honest answer is: rather little.
of course, there is more to it than that.
the renewal of europe’s center?
finally, geography was another key advantage.
even so, the advice is dubious.
is the european union's solidarity fracturing?
china is a case in point.
something more complicated, and unwieldy, appears increasingly likely.
but which measures are appropriate and genuinely useful?
that is not an analysis; it is a sound bite.
somehow, all this is liberating rather than infuriating.
all have now burst into the open.
she documents large increases in the wealth/output ratio.
she starred in each of these positions.
of course, repression continues to intimidate many algerians.
debate over human-induced global warming has been seemingly endless.
but shenzhen is not alone.
the eu has bigger problems to solve, critics say.
or is it?
let’s hope that he listened attentively.
mnd may be rare, but it remains a devastating disorder.
that idea is not popular with the eurozone’s creditor countries.
trump’s reckless tweets vs.
such personal considerations do matter.
power may have become more diffuse in the contemporary world.
this is good news, particularly for the poor.
to address the problem effectively, governments must change their approach.
where is it?
why give her another chance?
to some extent, this message is already being heeded.
as it stands, local governments foot most of the bill.
in firing rockets at israel, hamas invited a military response.
the concentration of power means concentration of responsibility.
becker was a rarity among economists in recent decades.
usually it is difficult to say whether they are appropriate.
but she never managed to break into national politics.
the states then became for some time fiscally irrelevant.
stockholm – mcdonald’s.
western societies have experienced a similar sentiment before.
the bottom 20% have probably not benefited at all.
should the minimum wage be raised?
sadly, this level of violence should come as no surprise.
the distinction between indignation and outrage might seem like nitpicking.
but is it true?
sweating profusely, the prosecutor has nothing to say.
my first term coincided with the cuban missile crisis.
for starters, it is much too uncertain about fundamental choices.
in the course of evolution, the inferior phenotypes disappear.
what went wrong?
they are determined to make up for lost time.
berkeley – europe’s leaders, unlike former us president george h.
new york state and massachusetts have launched statewide pay-for-success experiments.
yet this will not happen automatically.
interest rates on government bonds were racing upward.
where are we today in addressing these underlying problems?
but will the political transition ultimately lead to democracy?
such health-care initiatives can be accelerated in practical ways.
malaria further obstructs travel, industrial activities, commerce and tourism.
baker and his cohort won the political debate.
but unlimited progress cannot be paid for with finite funds.
but it is not all good news.
her impact has been remarkable.
“the whole pre-islamic history is gone,” the museum’s director lamented.
furthermore, water scarcity means food scarcity.
but these questions sir a fundamental truth about turkey.
the icty was slow in getting off the ground.
stock market prices would be much too high.
among the industrialized countries, the us is the bright spot.
it will take that and more to reach baghdad quickly.
the focus of attention today is on iraq and afghanistan.
instead, western structures were uncritically extended eastward and thus reinforced.
our strength will have been used against us.
don’t believe it.
yet, in trump, that is precisely what they have.
the majority of the world’s malnourished children live in india.
that time could be months or a year off.
ifad funded a program to kick-start food production.
and where is nature’s gambit taking us?
but the cia has made mistakes before.
the us may become the world’s engine of growth.
contrast this with the united nations’ approach to development.
if so, how much longer?
domestic strife is the last thing the crown princess needs.
but all that began to change in recent years.
yet, given their nature, these decisions deserve special scrutiny.
as george h.w.
but is the eu’s budget calculation method also at fault?
but which one will prevail?
this is super-charged american soft power.
outsourcing europe’s security is no longer an option.
if germany left, the euro would depreciate.
the village, too, is mysteriously without phone service.
greenspan concurred with his famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
but his case is far from an anomaly.
one key barrier to private investment in africa is risk.
the g8 can take four steps towards these ends.
how could i be so critical of mao?
of course, there are potential downsides to trade.
of course, most victims are traffickers.
the us has not been exempt from such concerns.
these consequences will only intensify.
until recently, conventional wisdom dismissed this possibility.
japan is reeling from the demise of the tpp.
several scenarios come to mind.
the recent agreement is far from ideal.
6.0
exasperation is especially widespread among the eurozone’s poorer members.
(3) hypersexual disorder.
plant operators and national regulators are being scrutinized more critically.
the climate problem does not stop at borders.
but is that what china really needs?
the banking system will be reinforced.
on the contrary, it’s pretty universal.
the only trend that changed was carbon emissions, which fell.
none of this is either democratic or liberal.
but this outcome is not guaranteed.
so protectionism is taking pride of place.
now there are two messages in the kohl-chirac letter.
he recommends that the chinese government export this model abroad.
i was there.
the real crisis facing europe is one of economic governance.
so the “resource curse” has hit russia with a vengeance.
and it’s not just trump.
with a small, well-educated population, tunisia has become the exception.
for now, serbia's government has imposed a state of emergency.
but others are taking sides.
employers will have to invest in their workforces.
men who become pregnant are advised to terminate the pregnancy.
in haiti today, stories like this are not uncommon.
women have ambitions of their own.
the world witnessed many profound changes during those turbulent years.
yet the international pressure is muted.
these losses reflect the far-reaching consequences of exclusion.
asians constantly adapt and change.
but, since february 12, things have changed radically.
in this context, van rompuy’s report is crucial.
but these same people often want both.
yushchenko has only himself to blame for his political predicament.
and many developing countries have had similar experiences.
the answer, as of now, seems to be yes.
guess which way scotland actually voted.
then the romanovs, the nobility, and the kulaks.
similarly, george h.w.
tariffs won’t do much for america’s trade balance, either.
the world bank needs to return to its mission.
new york – fifty years ago, president john f.
kennedy did the seemingly impossible.
countries are not only inefficient; often, they are also inconsistent.
schoolgirls in white headscarves wherever you look.
biomass is experiencing a revival, because it is considered co2-neutral.
having said that, these policies are still works in progress.
how to respond to these objections?
singapore – the prevailing mood nowadays is one of pessimism.
future crises will be political in origin.
the technicalities can be discussed and the complexities resolved.
strong words from a central bank.
terror and barbarity have been globalized, too.
most are useless.
finally, adaptive governance is essential.
duterte’s response was as unconvincing as it was desperate.
the shi’a threat to the saudi government is ideological.
this approach confronts formidable obstacles.
the final source of uncertainty is the corporate sector.
the channels of leakage are many.
russia proved either unwilling or unable to control iran.
the human cost of this refugee crisis is appalling.
such a tax may sound revolutionary, but it’s not.
initially, the us shared erdoğan’s concerns.
social democracy played an equally important role in politics.
but sarkozy took the risk.
this does not mean that it should be abandoned.
america has its own reasons to patch up the relationship.
they will either reject this trend, or succumb to it.
but competitive cumulative devaluations will not arise.
some small european countries come close to 50%.
to officials in brussels, the eurozone is the eu.
some say a tipping point has occurred.
and yet there is a solution.
there is also an even deeper problem.
legal activism in china is not unprecedented.
brexit stands as the symbol of that.
raising the region’s financial literacy will be another challenge.
welcoming immigrants is in europe’s interest.
this conflict continues.
people who consider the current conditions intolerable become anti-european.
by any traditional definition, there is a bubble.
but from a geopolitical viewpoint, it’s not such bad news.
greece is probably a case in point.
that is a game-changer.
the right to cultural or religious practice cannot be absolute.
egypt today is in such a transitional limbo.
moreover, its impact goes beyond the amounts stolen.
the trump administration now wants to trap the chinese elephant.
and now he sees his own opportunity.
to work smoothly, expansive macroeconomic policies require compatible microeconomic rules.
of course globalization requires international governance and rules.
greece is, in fact, insolvent.
the impact cannot be overstated.
replacing fossil fuels with inefficient alternatives slows growth.
this is a positive – and necessary – step.
the last concession was a game changer.
journalists chase juicy stories.
but the underlying growth patterns changed.
call that patriotism.
britain may now be poised to do so once again.
it certainly makes the leaders’ lives harder.
meanwhile, financialization continues to disrupt macroeconomic stability worldwide.
but not all fiscal rules are created equal.
keep the pressure on them.
kennedy, who promoted freedom around the world.
but, over the years, economics has become richer, too.
but how accurate is the analogy?
for stability to be preserved, sino-japanese relations must improve.
the link between cows and dalits is well known.
that could be about to change.
the region is engaged and behind our efforts.
so how bad was the election?
this goes, she found, with a rise in national sentiments.
consider asia, for example.
yet openness is crucial for efficient scientific progress.
africa is well positioned to become one of them.
public spending, moreover, on education is often regressive.
consider the case of kenya.
and that is when things become dangerous.
the news has been mixed during your absence.
who is really in charge of its nuclear arsenal?
common sense, however, is often absent in policymaking.
the hard work of fiscal responsibility seemed at an end.
canada signed but has failed to act.
the days of an inward looking japan are over.
less than half of the un’s humanitarian appeal was funded.
put another way, actions speak louder than words.
four factors have so far played to orbán’s advantage.
these menaces exacerbate and intensify one another.
and, like the economy, india’s self-confidence has boomed.
similarly, bonus compensation should be redesigned to reward long-term performance.
unfortunately, that jobs strategy is unlikely to reduce the violence.
international finance economists see a far bleaker future.
the european union’s financial warriors are exhausted.
she played ruthlessly on her femininity.
the communiqué includes two ominous pledges.
general david petreaus and president george w.
this led to extreme instability in the eurozone’s banking system.
the government's programs are not mere populist promises.
what, then, can be achieved?
secularization is not inevitable.
putin and hers kgb friends from st.
this creates a dilemma for europe.
the result is higher prices and no job creation.
ten-year treasury bonds now yield just 2.5%.
neither president barack obama nor former president george w.
bush should be blamed.
beirut – a massive protest movement has swept across lebanon.
this should change.
the underlying sequence of disruptive technology is historically familiar.
finally, the correction in european asset prices was smaller.
simply put, technological change is skill-biased.
gathering sophisticated intelligence is largely a matter of understanding trends.
last november, a roma couple was killed in northeastern hungary.
it is a two-way dialogue among people.
george soros said i “distorted and obfuscated” his argument.
indeed, the arab spring is turning into an arab winter.
this is a threat that no one can ignore.
this is cameron’s best argument on the financial front.
fortunately, there is still time to do something about it.
to economists like us, this trend is deeply worrying.
in some manufacturing sectors, the gaps could be dauntingly large.
referendum farce in burma
and now political stability is gone.
and it is too early to say that.
foreign banks remain critical to these countries’ long-term growth.
as i said, it is too early to celebrate.
it has a history and a telos.
by all accounts, that point has not been reached.
my political predilections lie with social democracy.
if they believe this, they are simply foolish.
it unambiguously demonstrates xi’s personal authority and political resolve.
not all of them have the makings of an entrepreneur.
among solutions, few are as effective as quality education.
should higher nominal (that is, inflation-driven) growth replace debt-driven growth?
yet many have.
that would be a good outcome in the long run.
this is a little bit like buying a house.
hers was foxy leadership at its best.
the question is of more than merely academic interest.
america by proxy?
it should be protected, not restricted.
global economic growth is also causing a burgeoning environmental crisis.
but no one should feel self-righteous here.
the numbers are potentially large.
a bleak future awaits us.
she doesn’t froth at the mouth.
the most egregious vestiges of caste discrimination are gradually disappearing.
bush an economy sinking into a deep recession.
women experience the world differently than men.
and it gets worse.
the answer is no and yes.
but these countries’ options for resisting these trends are limited.
africa needs more women who share rebecca’s enthusiasm for stem.
fostering industrial development is a complex challenge.
now the time has come to think differently.
what can lafontaine accomplish?
but it can’t protect the us from politics.
trump is the establishment’s delayed comeuppance.
six months later, they meet again.
”how’s life?” the first man asks again.
active community engagement will be essential here.
we all owe them for that.
in fact, hamas, too, is playing a double game.
a full-scale trade agreement, however, would need congressional approval.
no one is shocked, but clearly something needs to change.
how will chile breach this wall?
there was a whole political culture that had to change.
now chávez lacks majority backing even among the poor.
the rest of the world exists.
but it is important to resist this urge.
but other countries have political constraints, too.
yet this technology remains unproved.
we do get to choose which future we want.
fortunately, the pendulum has started to swing back.
geopolitics is intruding into banking practice elsewhere as well.
the maternal thread of life
time can solve europe's problem.
it must be encouraged and nurtured.
unfortunately, what she is doing is not enough.
populism was pitted against the financiers, and populism won.
many succumbed to mental illness, drug addiction, and alcoholism.
this is what a strong system of patent protection does.
i am not convinced.
i’m not sure what i would have advocated.
so, yes, the days of 10% chinese growth are over.
europe’s automotive industry is an obvious candidate for such support.
the fed’s position is more persuasive.
jimmy started with his popularly generated encyclopedia.
the choice between these options is a political matter.
today’s tensions are rooted in paralysis on global rebalancing.
a weak civil society.
this export-led recovery did not occur in the 1990s.
but the implications would be far broader.
i was certainly among those applauding the g20’s initial achievements.
obama certainly needs all the friends she can get.
she is not off to a good start.
now it is our turn.
still, the renminbi was admitted.
it lingers, but without a credible outlet.
china bashers typically change their tune after a presidential election.
moreover, the two countries’ systems are totally dissimilar.
mass immunization has largely eliminated polio.
europe these days is vacillating between these two approaches.
that means more anxiety, which translates into poorer health.
all of this makes me incredibly sad.
a golden age for capitalism?
but does it work?
but others were consistent with their lifetime commitments.
new york – in may 1961, president john f.
a counter-demonstration mobilized by pro-china forces drew a smaller crowd.
the dutch fired not a single shot.
biden concluded with a flourish.
that might be true, but india should not care.
they do not derive from a social contract.
but such people exist only in economists’ models.
elsewhere, the fight for human rights might become virtually impossible.
russia, unsurprisingly, takes a similar view.
so what should policymakers do?
all this will be propelled by india’s new cultural confidence.
indeed, the ntc willingly facilitated the military’s demise.
the origin of the nation-state idea is unclear.
but bush will survive katrina.
after all, u.s.
of these, half die within a year.
what accounts for this broad-based underdevelopment?
the latest year-on-year data, from january, highlight the danger.
so, what can we do in the dark days ahead?
another source of resilience in east asia are local governments.
this year it is monks in tibet.
military leaders expressed satisfaction at how the situation was handled.
with private ownership established, market mechanisms could restore efficiency.
che was no humanist.
poor countries are aware of their power to block progress.
but there is more.
moreover, containment would undermine india’s energy interests.
romania’s 1991 constitution does not allow outright presidential decrees.
we should stop sudan’s omar al-bashir’s genocide in darfur.
destroy that and you destroy the hallmarks of liberal order.
time – and water – is running out.
financial behavior does not occur in a vacuum.
permanent monetization of government debts is undoubtedly technically possible.
there is an urgent need to act without delay.
khatami’s organizational savvy had not improved much since then.
but that is not the end of the story.
but are those weapons up to the task?
the digitization of knowledge has intensified these effects.
but reducing development assistance is a shortsighted approach.
policymakers are understandably reluctant to go down this road.
but the future of the eu hinges on pursuing it.
the correlation with o’neill’s tenure was irrelevant.
here is where the greek and iranian negotiations diverge.
the only way out, then, is through a political crisis.
in haiti, which lacks such policies, 2,000 died.
a mutual currency-exchange agreement could deepen the relationship further.
consider the case of sony’s playstation gaming console.
the list goes on.
it is good news for everyone.
both of these historical episodes ended in chaos.
i am a jew.
the truth, of course, is more complex.
at the other end--that of results--some targets do make sense.
the first, in the 1970’s, deregulated commissions paid to stockbrokers.
none of this will change with the global economic recovery.
without these, military victory and occupation quickly turn to ashes.
there was an astonishing sequel.
nothing of the sort has happened in nicaragua.
but we cannot do this alone.
health workers worry about sexually transmitted diseases and malnutrition.
but policymakers did not take hers proposal seriously.
men are challenging female power in viral protests.
the sdgs also call for reduced income inequality (sdg 10).
they don’t want them in positions of real power.
to this end, the us must show leadership and adaptability.
we reject the first criticism entirely.
of course, this is not lost on chinese policymakers.
the 1956 revolution was a real one, with barricades.
but this is what politics is all about.
the last straw for zimbabwe?
it may be too soon to write merkel’s political obituary.
many of you deserve a dedicated apology.
think about what stabilizing inflation means in such a context.
for the moment, things are moving in the wrong direction.
likewise, head covering for muslim men is considered a requirement.
yet wage growth remains stubbornly slow.
ooniprobe also came in handy in malaysia in 2015.
with the right approach, however, there is hope.
and keeping families together should be a top priority.
we added species that are probably extinct, too.
qe benefits the few who need it the least.
all of this is to be welcomed.
there has been one other important change, too.
but this, too, is a delusion.
the number of people proclaiming their faith worldwide is growing.
indeed, there is a global glut of oil.
protests were growing.
but more intensive consideration could change people’s mind.
obviously, apple has been asking that question for years.
unfortunately, these topics are often politically controversial.
in malaysia, that fear is dissipating.
likewise, no technology can compel combatants to negotiate a peace.
southeast asia is one of the world’s most diverse regions.
after all, she wanted to reform communism, not replace it.
the difficulties for economic policymakers do not stop there.
uzbekistan, in particular, has proven its willingness to brutalize protesters.
the mdgs were remarkably successful in several of these areas.
and the challenges do not end at ukraine’s borders.
yet, as macron proves, not all populism need be nationalist.
both groups’ demand is inherently ephemeral.
as a result, american workers got squeezed from two sides.
it is a signal of its moral bankruptcy.
our conscience is enough.
europe’s future competitiveness depends on it.
modern high-tech terrorists are the new barbarians.
the economic situation in greece is deteriorating quickly.
liberal democracy was rarely a sustainable outcome.
on exchange rates at least, its ignorance is astonishing.
this was a place of utter brokenness.
true, the first quarter of 2019 yielded better-than-expected results.
a fresh start for china and japan?
“russia first,” proclaims vladimir putin’s kremlin.
would harry fade from memory?
lagarde has other strengths.
by 2100, the gap would be even wider.
any agreement must cover all five.
savings are, of course, no bad thing.
instead, it is the art of war by sun-tzu.
completing it could well take five or more years.
in fact, on cctv’s widely viewed 7 p.m.
political pressure is the only known antidote to bankers’ pressure.
it is medium-size news.
the second crucial reform is political.
the orange glitter of his skin colorizer.
that is a horrific figure, to be sure.
three years later, she remains on the run.
and, third, they must counter unacceptable distributional outcomes.
so far, so good.
overcoming historic biases requires questioning an industry’s taboos.
in the developing world, men are in special jeopardy.
but things are more complicated than that.
second, it must equalize savings and investment.
how did that happen?
what exactly should our priorities be?
and therein lies the origin of postwar japan.
in education, numbers make a revolution.
an important new report by the u.s.
of course, such outcomes are not guaranteed.
the math is simple.
what is the western model of democratic development really worth?
and it will not happen easily.
and companies don’t report in detail on their tax practices.
are china’s trade practices really unfair?
to that end, many concrete measures could be implemented immediately.
but investment in infrastructure is not enough.
taiwan is also the driving force in china's high-tech industries.
a compulsory deposit on mobile phones could provide it.
in my judgment, there are only two viable options left.
in india, we celebrate the commonality of major differences.
they could not rely on china's approach.
aspiring eu member states would turn elsewhere.
some combine different jobs at the same time.
they all failed.
unfortunately, this is easier said than done.
asean could help here.
in short, the current urbanization trajectory is not sustainable.
that remains true today.
this blueprint is not new.
so the west can do better.
twin fears appear to be paralyzing european policymakers.
the globalization of production networks magnifies such effects further.
silicon valley is thriving.
but tudor didn't stop with prolix apologies.
its new chief economist is an expert on trade.
or so i hope!
nitroglycerine addresses the risk of circulatory collapse.
as a result, the world could avoid famines by mid-century.
it makes eminent sense.
both solutions would be feasible and relatively straightforward to implement.
but this was not a matter of good luck.
the long-term sustainability of russia’s military revival is also unclear.
but the world is changing fast.
neither wish was honored.
does redistributing income reduce poverty?
we hope that other countries will show the same commitment.
the central bank has motives to be concerned.
they are right to be afraid.
the second great disruption is the acceleration of technological change.
the challenge of achieving the sdgs is daunting.
how new is egypt’s “new” foreign policy?
true, things are pretty ugly right now.
change is not easy.
the same hub-and-spoke structure can be found in many fields.
he was quite right.
sometimes the dominoes do topple over, one by one.
all these reforms presuppose an independent judiciary.
the socialists blame greedy financiers, but who does not?
this is not to say that everyone must become vegetarian.
the following month, japan’s tōhoku earthquake killed almost 16,000 people.
but attempting such rivalry damages the partnership.
so, like st.
augustine, they promise virtue, but not until next year.
but the celebration appears to have been premature.
but its effectiveness in stimulating domestic demand remains uncertain.
in fact, that analysis is only half right.
such over-investment produces an inevitable collapse.
mesic remains uncommitted here.
in employment terms, the services sector is larger still.
reform will, of course, require extensive discussion and deliberation.
what i have in mind is to reinforce these efforts.
this, too, will take time.
bartholomew also underscored the fundamental moral concern.
alongside bosnia-herzegovina, serbia moved closer to nato in 2006.
monitor heart rate?
fortunately, america is more than either trump or the government.
is this impression right?
so today’s output is what people want to produce.
they have also become disobedient.
now comes the reckoning.
social protection and safety nets.
so why should kosovo’s declaration be accepted?
fiscal policy was required.
with such small audiences, they are all but irrelevant.
and the mladić trial will, no doubt, encourage this perception.
this unnoticed drama is emblematic of the under-reported colombian conflict.
shell has powerful friends in nigeria's government.
as germany and the spd go, so goes europe.
lagarde arrives to lead it at a difficult time.
the elections had to be repeated, and democracy won.
so she picked up hers kids and left india.
indeed, outside of universities, it scarcely ruffled american life.
are insects conscious?
the youth unemployment rate is 65%.
oil prices are high.
the legal case for the fence is solid but regrettable.
firms hire temporary employees for all needs and occasions.
to be sure, she displayed humility upon coming to power.
re-nationalization through extortion is likely to accelerate.
“what risks?” the financial firms demand to know.
these hopes have proven illusory.
there are two objections to this approach.
trump’s blunders, so far, strike me as rookie mistakes.
it undergoes a crisis about once a decade.
but for how long can this continue?
but $8.9 billion?
instead, it is japan’s bureaucrats who are celebrating.
the majority of uk voters opted for staying in.
madonna usually only makes headlines in the world’s tabloids.
both were reluctant to lower interest rates markedly.
thus, the risk of a full-scale trade war is rising.
this demands close observation by international observers.
companies are made up of people.
the answer is that there are strong incentives to delay.
poor countries are alleged to lack these traits.
that vision must be bold and ambitious.
uncertainty is a reality, and judgment is required.
he had to pay for that with his job.
nothing but growth will decide the future of the euro.
more and more chernomyrdin appeared anointed the president's successor.
this is no reason for israel to rejoice.
that, however, is unlikely.
egypt’s “military republic” exemplifies these risks.
but nothing can prevent the movement from spreading.
so how much sex is enough?
watch this space.
pakistan, after all, is an imf addict.
the second view proved to be spectacularly wrong.
but was it?
productivity collapsed in all of them.
owning such assets tends to stabilize overall returns.
being a single parent is challenging in any context.
martin luther king, jr.
unlike poland, however, hungary never rescheduled its debts.
to be sure, such claims would be false.
so far, it hasn't.
as john f.
there is a universal consensus that keynesian stimulus is needed.
but more important than assessing blame is correcting mistakes.
in other words, it rendered germans allergic to macroeconomics.
but the dark side of mao cannot be totally expunged.
in other cases, they demand collateral (often real estate).
foreign policy is another story.
he is determined that his plan becomes his political legacy.
this doesn’t mean that it will be painless.
erdogan has no intention of being drawn into that trap.
the world today produces enough food to feed everyone.
indeed, it arguably helped mexico avoid joining the fragile five.
this could be done in three ways.
meanwhile, the credibility of draghi’s atomic weapon is being undermined.
its currency crumbles like its ancient buildings.
in him work, rego explores humanity’s unconscious, animalistic foundations.
in some cases, different diseases have the same “target” molecule.
can further escalation be avoided?
similar contradictions are evident in many countries.
to be sure, complaints about us politics are not unfounded.
today, that house’s extreme modesty still surprises visitors.
trump’s deal-making machine will soon hit hard constraints.
the world appears in constant flux.
temperatures remained at over 40°c (104°f) for days at time.
academic institutions must therefore tread a narrow path.
madrid – us president lyndon b.
is this good or bad?
individual companies have pioneered change in other sectors.
denial is not a policy; it is a suicide pact.
the common threat of international terrorism must be faced jointly.
as the year progressed, macroeconomic imbalances started to ease.
we must not allow that to happen again.
intolerance emanating from organized religion is perhaps the most inexcusable.
that may sound patronizing, but it worked.
how is this possible?
this does not mean that employment in america cannot grow.
furthermore, canada has experienced the kremlin’s brazen territorial ambitions firsthand.
the conscience of a conservative?
specific guidelines and rating methods need to be developed.
bail out one bank and not another?
and emerging economies, especially china, have also regained strength.
but the environment has been suffering.
some art is meant to provoke, transgress, and push boundaries.
by the early 1990’s, bulgaria had changed.
this does not sit well with a “zero conflict” policy.
forging this consensus will not be an easy diplomatic task.
princeton – as i tour the u.s.
congressmen introduced impeachment resolutions.
instead, progress can be made in three directions.
the geopolitical implications are now ramifying across africa.
nor is germany a “growth engine” for the eurozone.
nonetheless, there are reasons to be cautiously optimistic.
how did this localized outbreak of xdr-tb emerge?
then there are the strategic hawks.
beijing – the debate is over.
european countries once offered that sense of hope.
such a treaty is feasible and must be urgently pursued.
ukraine’s well-being must not be sacrificed to his political ambitions.
but italy’s circumstances are far from ideal.
diplomacy was rushed.
and his communist links are clear.
so much for parliamentary democracy.
that is presumably why the markets are nervous.
can china avoid deflation?
such impairment is global in scope.
a prisoner’s christmas
are banks, markets, or regulators to blame?
on this front, the hong kong government has underperformed.
second, young people must be a top priority.
let us now turn to europe.
the brexit referendum failed that test.
this will not happen automatically.
the gulf oil spill changed all of that.
but it was the mother of pakistan’s nuclear program, a.
notice that trade policy is missing from the entire equation.
los angeles -- nuclear facilities as military targets?
and he did that to perfection.
the answer to that question matters a great deal.
there is a lot of shouting in the jury room.
there are two basic approaches to building a health-care system.
no wonder pensions are low.
it is clear that china has the upper hand.
but what did the kyoto protocol accomplish?
in this case, you unquestionably will feel poorer.
exports top the list of possibilities.
sadly, it was not to last.
the dam will have its uses.
but this is not just about them.
and today, that future looks to be dominated by machines.
greece has boosted those numbers recently.
foreign policy is about war and peace.
what is more, they are very un-british.
will it scrutinize my tax returns extra carefully?
a meritocratic bureaucracy has not emerged.
moreover, the social and political backlash eventually will become overwhelming.
corporate taxes are another area ripe for reform.
nor is democracy in retreat.
meanwhile, the ukrainian government is at risk.
yet there are reasons for optimism.
the center must respond politically.
when new labour embraced market economics, the tories were wrong-footed.
a question remains.
kurds held fast to their own ethnic identity.
indeed, the duration the agreement will be of vital importance.
the soft underbelly of europe's "hard core"
sound familiar?
the bottom five are nigeria, pakistan, bangladesh, tanzania, and ethiopia.
again, these were not outright policy mistakes.
the solution to this problem is straightforward: eliminate the distortions.
how many have the courage to learn from roosevelt’s approach?
yet many would like to believe what huntington says.
the current focus on the downpour in greece is understandable.
this would have given institutional legitimacy to hers private views.
let us identify the various types.
doctors diagnosed him with testicular cancer.
consumers already encounter ai on a daily basis.
politicians, however, prefer the devil they know.
“it means,” he says, “you behave yourself.
kosovo is a territory far smaller than afghanistan.
consider the enormous opportunity cost of huge military budgets.
that is a huge shift, happening at an unprecedented speed.
i think – i hope!
– that bezos will make the proper distinctions.
these gains have come at the expense of mainstream parties.
but deflation can be disastrous.
but more must be done.
governments were corrupt.
proposals are expected in the coming months.
europe must avoid this scenario at all costs.
this is precisely the dilemma that santos now faces.
new york – so, why did she do it?
european health-care regulators are often hesitant to implement structural reforms.
these imbalances are linked, and both threaten sustainable rapid growth.
but my government cannot do it alone.
such a process cannot be forced on people.
far from it.
of course, disagreements do arise in the japan-us relationship.
but it is also a done deal.
ultimately, perhaps, all the pain will pay off.
the index focuses on outcomes in three key areas.
that needs to change.
kenyans need similar means of reflection today.
greece has a budget problem.
fortunately, kaczyński’s political coup failed.
of course, that is easier said than done.
china’s middle class is already wielding that power.
if that happens, “free speech” is dead.
liberalism's enemies are real enough.
so the eurozone’s crisis-stricken economies cannot grow.
after 1971, us hegemony grew by an analogous process.
politically, however, russia behaves differently in the international arena.
the divergence among countries was economic as well.
but the story has not played out quite as anticipated.
why, unemployed investment bankers, of course!
those who fell were kicked and clubbed where they lay.
we must distinguish between the dangerous and the merely disagreeable.
the sarajevo conference is a step in the right direction.
interpreters in such meetings are no substitute.
one horse carriages.
the us, then led by president george w.
the low-hanging-fruit pathway (red) achieves a steep reduction by 2030.
failure to reform psychiatry will be disastrous for public health.
hegel and marx embraced it.
political business tycoons, on the other hand, have different ambitions.
in the meantime, expect a lot more “free” coffee.
the return of the french?
and in western europe, too, gdp is now declining.
right and wrong were not her tasks.
but is iran really serious?
thirty years later, they return to their birthplace.
michael o'leary, the ceo of ryanair, is a visionary.
lehman was an investment bank.
what is going on?
often, policy flaws become apparent only in retrospect.
today, that figure has grown to over 55,000.
but the brexiteers’ promise remains wishful thinking.
even father nature has played along.
these reforms would make china more efficient and prosperous.
he is a dream candidate to lead the world bank.
during the 1962 cuban missile crisis, us president john f.
the big problem is time.
not all are happy about this american notion.
nation she knew would be strong again one day soon.
can radiation be good for you?
there is another explanation, which also stems from the 1920s.
but that economy is changing fast, including through digitalization.
china had overtaken japan as the world’s second largest economy.
the solution is to innovate the price of renewables downward.
but it is critical to avoid obvious mistakes.
all these programs refute three widely held myths.
no purges marked the end of white rule.
emulation through excellence is the motor of competitiveness.
after all, he sits in ataturk’s chair.
for their part, the shia minorities claim to welcome democracy.
i saw it myself one evening in 2008.
the israel-palestine conflict has continued for more than 50 years.
and the exploitation is not only financial.
the chinese just got there first.
there is no god!
moreover, banks ration.
the subject was not new, but the tone was.
that membership drive, however, has already transformed turkey.
yet deforestation continues.
in a sense, the inevitable is coming to pass.
the era when london vaunted its light-touch regulation is over.
there is some truth to this view.
where are the competitive pressures for innovative thinking in government?
and the rest of the world knew that perfectly well.
the reason for this failure is not strictly economic.
at one level, the anniversary was a happy one.
painful restructuring is sure to follow.
two demographic acids are corroding continental europe's welfare states.
in advanced countries, neither constraint typically binds much.
the political system also remains unsettled.
president putin and his allies have every reason to rejoice.
this exposes the second weakness: the ability to innovate.
voting does not always solve problems of self-determination.
the obama administration’s approach to turkey has been constructive.
the populists’ example is again telling.
this pattern no longer holds.
is the governing council still committed to it?
the us invasion was a grave mistake.
efforts to improve the main payment channels are ongoing.
melbourne – what are the proper limits of religious freedom?
but two of them are actually free.
the arab spring has toppled some regimes, though not others.
can it be done?
nothing could be further from the truth.
from this perspective, trump could seriously damage the fed’s credibility.
the western response to this challenge must go beyond rhetoric.
a second rationale for germany’s policy is demographic.
it is time for politicians and companies to respond decisively.
that’s not the wef’s fault.
at best, the law is a great equalizer.
xi’s efforts to rein in china’s bureaucracy continues unabated.
it has yet to find one.
bush extended the “global war on terror” to iraq.
berkeley – the dollar is the world’s go-to currency.
there are countervailing forces.
today, corporate social responsibility and sustainability are no longer fear-based.
america’s political leadership is also divided.
so people start to march in the streets in bolivia.
and that optimal balance can be found among medium-size enterprises.
the same is true of the skyline.
this is wrongheaded; it's time we cease being dogs.
unfortunately, india’s government misunderstood the anti-corruption protests from the start.
so, what is ailing the brics and other emerging markets?
reforming this system makes sense.
this was not true of other countries.
major economic and geopolitical concessions were offered to both suitors.
crop diversity can also deliver important ecosystem benefits.
but failed coups can be just as consequential.
progress on disinflation is similarly impressive.
bush’s policies more effectively.
but distrust of muslims is only part of the story.
unlike chess, however, these games are interdependent.
its know-it-all attitude grates almost everywhere.
and yet europe is facing a calamity.
examples are already abundant.
• crack down on exploitative recruiters.
given their diverse interests, rivalry may cause them to splinter.
we cannot expect innovation without paying for it.
but did the battle between pragmatists and radicals end there?
the communications sector also has a key role to play.
tunisia is off to an amazingly good start.
new york – call it a sign of the times.
other disorders are associated with defective imitation skills.
the united nations security council should oversee such a solution.
this makes the public understandably more cautious.
democratic legitimacy won a major battle over social legitimacy.
for there is such a thing as a lawless legality.
good decisions come from careful consideration.
legislative complexity is growing exponentially in parallel.
in terms of security, europe remained dependent on the us.
of course, the hard power of command remains important.
the recent economic downturn eviscerated the wealth of many.
there is, however, a third way.
maybe “always” isn’t quite true.
but arming the opposition is not without its drawbacks.
but is the region making the most this opportunity?
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh her down.
several factors drove the fed’s volte-face.
now consider what has actually happened.
the al saud resembles a family business, established in 1932.
to leave the largest free-trade bloc in the world.
suddenly, foreign creditors curtail short-term credit lines.
if the latter is eliminated, the missiles would be removed.
but there are two powerful reasons to be skeptical.
but the truth is more complex.
science has much to contribute to global food security.
shiller’s arguments were compelling.
certain crops can be grown in their own homes.
important progress has been made since the durban conference.
a lone cow standing in a meadow.
for starters, it is now a truly global currency.
so how much is race costing obama?
yet blair did not rely on this alone.
respect is for wimps!
brazil's crisis will cause a recession in neighboring argentina.
in particular, integrated planning is essential.
that trend is likely to continue.
americans consume the most meat per capita, after luxembourgers.
for europe, that is a necessary principle.
monetary stability reduced the cost of credit.
and they blame the elites.
and yet, somehow, trump’s hyper-masculinity is distinctly unconvincing.
libya’s opposition is what it is.
so hiroshima and nagasaki it was.
the history is complicated.
complicated lines of transport using transit countries are often used.
hirschman’s seminal treatise exit, voice, and loyalty.
such talk allows netanyahu to persist in his doomsday rhetoric.
gondii antibodies, indicating that they may have been previously infected.
macron will obviously try to engage with putin’s government.
theory is at last catching up with practice.
how many more must become refugees?
geneva – food is a powerful storyteller.
but there are important differences between them.
hers fellow leaders began to think schmidt arrogant.
but this brilliant scientist is still a human being.
prosperity was supposed to legitimize the european union.
people reacted in a variety of ways.
fiscal austerity remains the reigning orthodoxy in the eurozone.
moreover, the barriers to continued progress are significant.
in principle, the region’s potential for labor-intensive industrialization is great.
in peru, cash transactions had been the norm.
the crisis has demonstrated that we need this plain speaking.
i doubt whether many iraqis share that feeling.
simply put: she works on both sides of the counter.
that is why sudden austerity cannot be a morale builder.
public-health outcomes like that cannot be achieved without trust.
in a famous homily from this period, st.
but trumpi refuses to listen.
none of this, of course, will happen overnight.
so how should society be compensated?
the united kingdom's economic transformation started with textiles.
violent conflicts among indonesia's myriad ethnic and religious groups continue.
divided government also plays into the hands of asia’s separatists.
a false spring at the spring meetings?
in september 2000, the world seemed very different.
with this in mind, let me offer four.
· a strong capacity to respond quickly to change.
gene sequences are patented; cord blood is a hot property.
it will not be easy.
but such vulnerabilities are not confined to the manufacturing sector.
what can we do to help?
the eu’s privacy crackdown threatens to undermine all of this.
unfortunately, that is not happening.
his unpopularity has become their unpopularity.
we need to build european renewal on these pillars.
they waited too long to take action.
are stock markets really becoming more short term?
but these trends are janus-faced.
in mobile online payments systems, china is in the lead.
in fact, us prestige has suffered much since 2008.
nothing could be further from the truth.
not only that.
automation, productivity, and growth
the sovereign-debt crisis is well known.
should we still share hers worries?
the goal is an ambitious one.
remember mikhail gorbachev?
299 names were submitted.
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” she said.
the orange glitter of hers skin colorizer.
but that poses an obvious danger.
smith, please go consent mr.
visas can be denied and canceled for all russian officials.
the same is true of financial markets in general.
president bush may focus on weapons of mass destruction; mr.
wolfowitz may target democracy.
but a major conflagration is in no regional actor’s interest.
yet not a single country was ever penalized.
it provides either too little or too much.
those subsidies are unlikely to continue.
after all, it was a negotiation, not a surrender.
we have declared war on this conception of europe.
angeloni & l.schuknecht, cepr discussion paper no.
a european lost decade?
paris – france is at a crossroads.
how will all this be paid for?
is america healing fast enough?
could they be possible marketing partners?
it concentrated minds like nothing else.
today’s counter-enlightenment fashion can easily get out of hand.
nevertheless, the devil is in the details.
kings borrowed, often internationally, to finance wars and other expenditures.
the boe has similar concerns about the price of risk.
to be precise, there is no solution of any sort.
trump’s temperament limits his contextual intelligence.
but berlin browbeat him into further austerity.
indeed, america’s major threat is from within.
hers policy, like john major's, is one of "wait-and-see".
independent media are practically extinct.
we can resolve such issues only through international cooperation.
that is no longer the case.
both members need each other.
it is very hard to predict.
it is not that governments cannot engineer quick growth takeoffs.
it is an alluring but dangerous mindset.
she holds symbolic as well as real powers.
yet, things are not quite so simple.
what explains the great difference between those two eras?
meanwhile, the middle east remains a region mired in backwardness.
free traders should not be dismayed.
"japan's self-defense defense" by joseph s.
the baby boom that wasn’t should surprise no one.
as the world’s largest economy, american leadership will remain crucial.
the elected mayor of caracas is not bolivarian?
are similar localized outbreaks going unrecognized elsewhere?
in both cases, these areas created powerful demonstration effects.
this is what hers modernization policy aims to achieve.
energy transformation for climate safety is our twenty-first-century moonshot.
this, after all, is what democratic politics is all about.
but economics does not have the field entirely to itself.
political bickering seems to take priority over action.
us fed chairwoman greenspan asked recently, “why u.s.
it all depends on one’s budget.
around the world, disappointment with democracy promotion is widespread.
kennedy refused to tolerate the soviet military presence in cuba.
but states remain extremely sensitive about their borders’ inviolability.
is there a remedy?
nothing short of macroeconomically significant institutional reforms will stabilize europe.
but are the fundamentals really that sound?
a life in solidarity
is speculating on food dangerous?
trump denounces the fbi in hers tweets and other statements.
moreover, “realist” assumptions often turn out to be remarkably implausible.
democracy requires an informed citizenry able to question its government.
but it’s more than that.
one is hyperactive, responding aggressively to events.
it spies relentlessly on friend and foe alike.
the same was true in country after country.
most people are frustrated by red tape.
some mention their employer; most do not.
instrumental to a political project).
is accounting in worse shape?
that description could be applied to lebanon today.
how can gabon reconcile these apparently contradictory objectives?
of course, russia is no longer a global superpower.
western world were lain.
the same is true of foreign direct investment (fdi).
such opposition is not based on scientific evidence.
they are not even really run by the state.
so what should be done?
but the facts about leprosy are hardly so odious.
i wish i could offer some miraculous solution.
china’s u-turn
but the status quo is unacceptable.
they are most often financiers.
but external pressure is unlikely to bring it about.
somaliland is, like ethiopia, relatively stable, economically improving, and secure.
a constant cannot explain a change.
but america itself is reconsidering its priorities.
typically, that job is given to a european.
but you must have the resources, the support.
and that, in turn, requires german concessions on eurozone reforms.
information technology has democratized so many elements of our lives.
xi’s reforms, like deng’s, reflect the absence of alternatives.
mexico needs more of this kind of development.
deposits over €100,000 ($133,000) incurred losses.
trustworthiness is hardly universal.
he liked to throw his weight around in public.
there are reports of arbitrary arrests and torture.
but he ended up alienating more people than he impressed.
government policy tools are limited, and results come unspectacularly.
how about two hundred?
protection, settlement, and integration.
skeel is not exaggerating.
are housing prices a house of cards?
inclusion breeds excellence.
one retired businessman said, "let's kill them all.
government spending can also help, but its role is limited.
one subject china should address is freedom of belief.
all regional and local actresses should be involved.
both neo-keynesians and supply-siders have misunderstood the investment paralysis.
bannon’s appointment caused mainstream republican jaws to drop.
all this has changed.
this highlights a challenge that the brexiteers did not anticipate.
the failures in the oil-rich middle east are legion.
the uniform, perhaps, was intended to intimidate the chongqing police.
last year, the us fertility rate hit a historic low.
the result is muddled thinking and inappropriate strategies for reform.
building higher fences cannot be the answer.
i can’t imagine that this would ever happen.
that is no longer the case.
why should home values in glamour cities increase forever?
the g-20 to the rescue?
she supports international involvement to enforce post-conflict peace.
so einstein added it.
let’s start with the more obvious case of america.
but the ocean’s value goes far beyond economics.
so, how can such a scenario be prevented?
all this diplomatic activity is good news for everyone, everywhere.
nor are we choking on pollution.
what gives sport its meaning and value?
war in europe, we told ourselves, could never happen again.
ultra-low interest rates may persist for some time.
and that has far-reaching implications.
he claims to see the lure of europe and nato.
and the world regions involved then are involved again.
the answer is not cut and dried.
the rise of the super-fungi must be stopped.
the predicament of the west remains lamentable.
perhaps he could fit that in on weekends.
but russia’s position in the region remains fragile.
only europe is bucking the trend.
this fragments europe’s supposedly unified market.
the ball is in may’s court.
we french are opposed to building a "two-speed" europe.
all eyes are on households.
only national self-determination would do.
that will not happen any time soon.
from financial meltdown to global depression?
the result was the birth of modern biotechnology.
they were young entrepreneurs, hungry for success.
the message is clear.
i agreed with their approach.
no one needs diplomatic immunity to talk to their friends.
information technology is growing at a faster pace than 5%.
capitalism is the world's engine of growth.
theresa may is only the second female british prime minister.
and these countries are not alone.
three of kennan’s points stand out.
all of these choices helped return slack to energy markets.
woman does not, after all, live by bread alone.
what’s wrong with normal?
europe is also at a key juncture.
a fourth factor is the quality of government.
the time of subsisting on criticism is over.
only iraqis, with international assistance, can transform their country.
that would be hugely unpopular.
and there is a good reason why it eventually will.
this is unfortunate for both turkey and europe.
the army turned her down because of hers criminal record.
was it traditional fiscal conservativism?
thus, “energy crops” could be developed to produce biofuel.
– against isps who tolerate misbehavior.
the question is whether they can have both.
the current economic-policy environment has not made america great again.
this is not so in the eurozone.
but the resulting report inconveniently found that “mr.
did dudley do right?
but that’s the point.
but then the unexpected happened.
is latin america facing a wave of right-wing populism?
niger is another go-between.
such hope may be necessary for journalists these days.
at the same time, not all indicators are grim.
it is time that finance skeptics began to take over.
political office, it seems, is more addictive than heroin.
the shock could also come from abroad.
egypt has now experienced an autocratic restoration.
bond markets are easily lulled.
liberal internationalists cannot afford to be complacent.
he seems to have restructured french politics in the process.
who will repair lebanon’s bridges and roads?
their people should weigh carefully what that means.
in both cases, the answer is yes.
and japan’s dilemma will only deepen.
why this particular red line?
but this isn’t true.
so what, exactly, will europe do?
what is unresolved is where power goes next, and how.
it is what aspiring dictators have always done.
real possibilities exist for this to happen.
the skeptics have a point, but they go too far.
her can-do attitude is matched by remarkable energy.
iran’s leadership would do well to study these cases carefully.
of course, many countries have lived through nightmares and survived.
it is not too late to change that.
completing this process will not be easy.
but berlin would not like a no vote.
in 2010, just 41.8% of the electorate voted.
it has $4.9 trillion in assets under management.
the world already has a peace-maintaining institution.
but a no-deal scenario is not inevitable.
finally, china needs to get serious about its corruption problem.
but is that true?
the third problem concerns international liquidity.
the other countries have yet to take action.
international actresses must respect individual countries’ sovereignty.
that has been obvious for at least 20 years now.
diplomatic tricks cannot finesse the issue.
but this is pure naiveté.
she also set several world airspeed records.
mass introduction of such stoves could deliver multiple green-economy benefits.
this is also because immigrants often complement native workers’ efforts.
now, imagine a computer technology that eventually approaches these limits.
the roadmap makes this possible.
the military reorganization that the ndpo envisages is far-reaching.
this balance has often proved difficult to maintain.
first, the hong kong government seemed oblivious to popular concern.
they are doing the same in iraq and afghanistan.
indeed, in 1938, unemployment remained at more than 17%.
kiel – greece is in urgent need of clear thinking.
the situation is intractable.
ah, but it's not.
this tells us two things.
but how did the country do under hers rule?
on the contrary, democracy is a long-term task.
there are many reasons for market failures.
but he almost did not.
not every service, however, has been touched by online ratings.
it works, that is, if you are someone with money.
so what does exxonmobil say about the new climate realities?
map a scheme for a banking union.
their needs can be different from those of the rich.
the complexity of that negotiation, moreover, is without precedent.
decisiveness is not the eu way.
how much are governments willing to pay?
environmental pressures are also worsening.
but the essence of the conflict is economic.
that is good news.
the economic costs are enormous.
with obesity rising fast, there is no time to waste.
meanwhile, china’s savings rate remains stubbornly high.
they do not seek an armistice with the civilized world.
in the early 1990's, ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons.
a better strategy would be to focus on structural reforms.
that stifling dynamic has returned under putin.
they were right.
character, not gender, drives the narrative.
in the long run, wikileaks matters for two reasons.
a better year for migrants?
central africa’s giant holds the continent’s richest mineral wealth.
the united kingdom is withdrawing from the european union.
new humanitarian interventions will, of course, cost money.
unesco remains unabashed.
the evidence is mixed.
melbourne – something new is happening at harvard business school.
it doesn’t help that hollywood often caricatures tokyo beyond recognition.
geneva – what kind of capitalism do we want?
but the crisis will not last forever.
when information is plentiful, the scarce resource is attention.
but the chinese are not doing that anymore.
the “able” part matters.
popular frustration may not wait for the ballot box.
virtually all of us have tissue on file somewhere.
no sooner is an upturn announced than it falters.
this economy will always export its savings.
the exchange threw a party and no one came.
berlusconi understood the dreams of many italians very well.
the united kingdom is on its way out.
singapore and hong kong have a different model.
when will russians stop being maniac and obsessive about america?
moreover, the costs of abuse do not stop there.
unsurprisingly, another debt exchange was needed in 2010.
by using the palestinians’ own strategy, she has cornered them.
only a short while ago, she was celebrated as “ms.
so greenspan cannot be given credit for the boom.
with a clear target, their outrage acquires force and legitimacy.
all signs point to a eurozone recession.
but that no longer seems to be the case.
such checks can take many forms.
i posed other hypotheticals, now directly related to international trade.
how do you make it available to 30 million people?
us president barack obama has publicly accused him of lying.
what beats corruption?
the first is the relationship between small and large economies.
so it is with economic governance: anarchy would be devastating.
crucial elections lie ahead in italy and germany.
russia is turning around.
poland disappeared from the map of europe for five years.
both myths are just that: myths.
but the democrats have a point.
should we wait to find out?
the challenge ahead should not be underestimated.
many make the wrong career choices in search of glory.
it was also a principal beneficiary.
that, not china's exchange rate policy, is the culprit.
i, for one, am not convinced.
new houses will be designed to deal with warmer temperatures.
for now, there can be no definitive answer.
ukrainians also eschewed the temptations of populism and extreme nationalism.
kyiv – in 2014, vladimir putin discovered his inner trotsky.
moreover, educational attainment correlates strongly with income and labor-market performance.
almost surely both.
today, it is in bad shape.
but will such restrictions work?
while it is an imperfect analogy, the lesson stands.
or does it?
such a stalemate is not new.
this will be difficult enough.
only the english do.
but democracy is disruptive.
in fact, kosovo’s fate is intertwined with the eu’s own.
first, follow your head, not just your heart.
again, this would represent meaningful progress.
wages increased (helped by substantial minimum-wage hikes) and unemployment declined.
greece’s economy has been shrinking for years.
only future generations will know if it did.
proper decision-making applies probability estimates to alternative actions.
are courts honest and impartial in their judgments?
but that bill was suspended indefinitely after earlier protests.
matching skills to job opportunities will be crucial.
of course, none of this happens overnight.
this critical shortcoming must be resolved.
both are suitable for the post.
the first step is to change the method.
the timing of the 2001 rate decrease stunned the market.
what will this mean for europe?
the same goes for international organizations.
many mainstream economists, from martin weitzman and richard b.
freeman to joseph e.
there is still much more to do.
hers place in the history books is guaranteed.
president george w.
bush, for example, despised american reporters who spoke french.
macierewicz has also systematically humiliated poland’s military personnel.
there is reason to feel reassured by obama’s reactions.
all we can depend on is our convictions.
until now, moscow has generally respected echr rulings.
leaders become figures of contempt or worse.
is middle east war inevitable?
raging inflation causes all kinds of distortions and inefficiencies.
how to end hunger
it does not.
but an even more obvious culprit was hyper-partisanship.
we are reminded of this time and again.
clearly they can supply all the cash demanded.
unsafe menstrual practices also give rise to serious health risks.
this outcome would be highly problematic – even tragic.
but this does not mean that accountability will be lost.
that comes as no surprise.
but, since then, the situation has changed substantially.
forecasting political upheaval is no easy feat.
each challenges america’s bipartisan demonization of china.
and the recently conducted feasibility study might spur long-awaited progress.
despite these ideological affinities, political disagreements make a rapprochement unlikely.
but today this is happening.
myth 1: green buildings cost a lot more to build.
where will this gdp come from?
they need systems of contract enforcement and property-rights protection.
even the richest country in the world has limited resources.
but other host countries have not been as forward thinking.
mandelstam succumbed to the pressure, but she was not broken.
still, today’s discussion of european defense is truly novel.
that division is dangerous.
so pakistanis have grimly accepted military rule as their destiny.
but the process of further european integration has stalled.
this year, malnutrition will kill almost four million people.
some hawks might welcome the destabilisation of saudi arabia.
obviously, most eu countries’ governments are not.
but there was another side to this coin.
everyone has good reason to sit down and talk.
the united kingdom must restore control of its borders.
europeans should brace themselves for what is coming.
shop keepers indeed have to pay local officials.
in china, things are moving in the opposite direction.
military action cannot be considered the only variable of success.
all of this has happened very fast and very recently.
but hers ideas will live on, particularly in china.
like exchange-rate devaluations, fiscal devaluations create winners and losers.
the decade to follow, however, overturned this exuberance.
transition in crisis?
moreover, many americans’ anxiety is rooted in deepening income inequality.
taxes levied on executive bonuses have cost international banks dearly.
instead, little has been accomplished, owing to mounting chinese mistrust.
alliances are assets; colonies are liabilities.
under normal circumstances, there would be little cause for worry.
again, help can come in any number of ways.
i learned this lesson the old-fashioned way.
the exceptions are instructive.
“well,” i said, “brazil is a democracy.
argentina also has reasons to back regional free trade.
europe has no interest in saving assad from that dilemma.
europe’s biggest challenge is not legal or even geopolitical.
there are many open questions.
economic historians, notably michael a.
non-state actors control important parts of the two river basins.
has the country been put on a sustainable debt path?
then came the crash of 2008.
we practiced discrimination and exclusion.
the reason was simple.
for me, ockhi was no distant headline.
this is especially true for the world’s poor.
we assume an endlessly repeatable process.
wallenberg was a swede.
modest estimates put these reserves at around 30 billion barrels.
private-sector capital flows now dwarf traditional public-sector aid flows.
global cooperation was decisive in arresting last year’s financial melt-down.
lessons from a divided island
tillerson certainly does.
industrial policies allowed infant industries to internalize learning spillovers.
this is not surprising, given venezuela’s mediocre growth performance.
the median answer was sometimes 10% a year.
european muslims are no less peaceful than their non-muslim neighbors.
to close the gap, african governments must attract more money.
iraqi democrats must re-assess and develop a clear public strategy.
the math is straightforward.
the aim should be to help create that capacity.
war-weary germans began to demand the kaiser’s abdication.
and education is just the beginning.
accordingly, he insists that his la république en marche !
is peru next?
“a toast!” someone exclaims.
give them time.
government enjoys neither luxury.
guards, fortifications, and communications equipment must be installed.
is honest politics possible?
they mistrust each other too much to collaborate.
aside from that, all is well!
that is not surprising.
doing so will cost money.
i realized my priorities were all out of whack.
they were not even on the radar screen.
free trade helps, not hurts, social welfare programs.
bureaucracy, however, is harder to kill.
if these problems go unattended, destabilization will undoubtedly grow.
effects following destruction of infrastructure.
and gossip is always entertaining.
athens – a visit to greece leaves many vivid impressions.
google controls roughly 90% of europe’s search-engine market.
european leaders need to address these dangers.
indeed, serbia currently contains the largest refugee population in europe.
the same applies today.
there are already serious players poised to become spz entrepreneurs.
kennedy, in hers book the disuniting of america.
it is the second-largest ebola outbreak ever recorded.
of course, domestic considerations are not absent from sarkozy’s thinking.
consider the french revolution, which began in 1789.
after all, many countries maintain comparable ratios, without serious consequences.
sooner or later, the cycle will begin again.
she can and should.
western governments are already deeply involved in ukraine.
essential goods are in short supply.
protectionism proliferates as russia imposes ever more trade sanctions.
it will be a difficult time for all.
both guarantee the individual rights of all, jews and arabs.
there is talk of a new trade war.
with that, the era of german ascendancy began.
the challenge lies in forging partnerships and agreeing goals.
its extraordinary workforces produce world-class goods and services.
“it’s black now,” the second woman replies.
there is a solution to this problem.
as president jiang prepares to meet george w.
cambridge – soviet ideology was always about the future.
it didn’t work.
but some are simply appropriated.
yet the relationship has always had a limited political dynamic.
this amounts to a corresponding reduction of 3% of gdp.
something troubled me about this formulation, too.
today, another planetary threat has emerged.
now they are effectively cut off.
for the us, the evidence has been very mixed.
too often, biased assumptions guide policymaking.
denationalization is also impractical.
cambridge – the evidence is clear.
today's un gives hypocrisy a bad name.
not just a civil war, but the civil war.
only those not offered bribes, said boris, don't take them.
asean pursues an inclusive growth strategy.
back then, the rationale was peace; today, it is power.
public trust in corporations is already weak.
there are no modern-day equivalents to keynes.
in china, such changes in language are no accident.
but obama was right to raise the question.
but the belief that nothing will change is equally illusory.
the answer depends on how far back one goes.
now, more than ever, is the time for european diplomacy.
kim could hardly have dreamed of a greater success.
but that sacred does not exist without the profane.
this is precisely the point.
still others criticized charlie hebdo’s actions.
fossil-fuel companies and governments are already facing intensifying legal pressure.
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” he said.
and microfinance institutions can help finance small enterprises.
but israel’s new friends simply cannot replace its western allies.
the cpc also faces strong economic headwinds.
these two cases are technically unrelated.
so i say: if the euro fails, europe fails.
h: (approvingly) boxer is cool .
yet the implementation prospects are far from promising.
the lawsuit did not stop with the dke incident.
many industries are experiencing severe difficulties, and unemployment is mounting.
she could partly implement hers well-intentioned, if misguided, social programs.
but better late than never.
great buildings and works of art are lost.
but there is reason to doubt the conventional wisdom.
the stakes of this election were particularly high.
the answer is probably no.
cairn energy is drilling south and west of greenland.
so something has to change.
against this background, the argument for talks is weak.
the story would ordinarily be a mere curiosity.
is iraq the next afghanistan?
universal health coverage is right, smart, and overdue.
compassion is part of the moral fabric of any society.
yet, the outcome was predictable.
such statements are an alarm, not a reassurance.
not surprisingly, over time a debt problem replaced hyperinflation.
i can personally attest to that.
that would be fun to watch.
cambridge – the scenario is all too familiar.
it is time to go back to the drawing board.
this year will be crucial.
not long ago, europe was the world leader in openness.
there is nothing stopping germany from reversing these policies now.
many wealthier countries have followed this path.
the timetable for action is not subject to debate.
these are uncertain times for the global economy.
but this argument has it backward.
leaders’ time is a scarce resource.
but, as michael k.
they attempt to be more theory-driven than our knowledge allows.
india’s citizenry eventually reacted.
and they cannot coordinate with foreign regulators.
argentina is a case in point.
that is good news in a troubled and turbulent world.
yet that is the objective that netanyahu set for aipac.
countries can overspend for a variety of reasons.
first, let us express the undeniable facts about europe’s union.
something immoral, apparently, but what?
that is the general orthodox view.
that often leaves boys with one option: marriage.
moreover, such data exchanges enhance decision-makers’ predictive capacity.
the rest of the world is bigger.
that is certainly true.
china’s motive for reviving pax mongolica is clear.
and the fed has continued its low-interest monetary policy.
for financial markets, this was nirvana.
but the world is more complicated than that.
or so it seems.
and a new referendum could well overturn brexit altogether.
but she never aspired to lead a country.
mackay’s examples may seem a bit remote to us now.
germany’s obsession with rules long predates the current eurozone crisis.
without them, no emu will take place.
this system did not begin in japan.
this augurs well for future nominating contests.
about 80% of our new engineering hires are non-japanese.
the situation is arguably worse elsewhere on the continent.
an evil man is getting his just deserts.
in these circumstances, europe needs to pursue a two-pronged strategy.
governments can enhance growth by increasing inclusiveness.
but are such limitations politically realistic?
likewise, wind fluctuates in strength.
london/baltimore – menstruation is as natural as a heartbeat.
in russia, too, the fallout is pernicious.
or what about a country like ethiopia?
diaspora cultures thrive on nostalgic dreams of return.
finance was being liberalized.
and yet: the genius of the argument is seen.
parasites are masters of biotechnology.
a “one-size-fits-all” solution ends up fitting no one.
some governments are already responding to this imperative.
the cause of this situation is clear.
but china cannot afford to ignore its deepening environmental crisis.
history is tough, they say.
this constitutes another potential trap for the new government.
lingering resentments about colonization may also be tapped.
instead, he presented himself as a competent mainstream christian democrat.
the trade war threw this lesson into sharp relief.
africa’s dictator-diplomat
the continent’s potential is beyond doubt.
permanent virginity is a recipe for permanent sterility.
and german chancellor angela merkel achieved a substantial diplomatic success.
what has kept blair going?
london – nowadays, the west can be described as decadent.
that question is the start of historical understanding.
immunization independence
and the crisis runs deep.
the first centers around economics and technology.
would the fixed-exchange-rate system have endured or collapsed?
he knows how to grab the news.
- what will bring about change?
western governments, for their part, must stop being intellectually dishonest.
at this simple level, we understand how nature works.
the global economy looks to be riding a roller coaster.
states, too, slashed spending.
there is no reason to believe 2018 will be different.
everything about the woman was, indeed, protracted.
both are among america's finest universities.
but it has never been tried.
obama cannot be faulted for trying.
intergenerational mobility is a key indicator of equality of opportunity.
this is not only a domestic issue.
one signpost points towards democracy; the other towards autocracy.
leung has only herself to blame.
what topics do consumers most care about?
if there isn’t, let’s have an ftt now.
taken together, these achievements are nothing short of a miracle.
they coordinate the group’s work.
the eurozone has finally recognized this.
but recognition of uncertainty is not a justification for denial.
finally, urban planners must rethink how they fill public spaces.
political decisions matter – and mistakes have consequences.
would you ideally like to donate 10% of your income?
after all, he wanted to reform communism, not replace it.
as a result, japan never fully recovered from its recession.
in the process, both countries have suffered enormously.
the uk’s position on russia is more ambiguous.
hollywood writers found other words for it.
this is nuts.
but that should surprise no one.
a variation of this conundrum emerges in monetary policymaking.
none of that happened.
there are two key safety valves.
zika was declared an international public-health emergency.
this evidence echoes similar findings in other countries.
success in resolving these issues has repercussions beyond kosovo.
the near-global stagnation witnessed in 2014 is man-made.
in any case, trump’s fantasy will now become reality.
as a result, france’s competitiveness is deteriorating.
but should it be?
the key, instead, is to ask many small, precise questions.
ending the nation-state myth
migration fact vs.
migration fiction
moreover, market relations stimulate honesty as a virtue.
jolie’s announcement has thrown a spotlight on that issue.
all indicators demonstrate that we are on the right path.
egyptian women also organized, strategized, and reported the events.
that leaves congressional republicans with little room for maneuver.
nationalism can all too easily fill a void.
but change does not come easily to iran.
consider the rise of digital technologies.
this is not merely an assumption.
it has not done so.
but there is no use playing the blame game.
countries could contribute in many other ways as well.
everyone knows this.
but many advantages have already been realized.
but there was no response from the us government.
moreover, economic debates would benefit from more voices.
it is an approach that awaits the test of time.
other countries, too, have bilateral reasons not to isolate pakistan.
in a word, yes.
these measures will almost certainly provoke retaliation from china.
no one should shed any tears for bolton.
but kohl pushed on, insisting that italy be included.
but this may be changing, especially in the eurozone.
asia’s share was 28% (after including japan).
as a result, jerusalem has become israel’s poorest city.
if kan didn’t know, how could anyone else?
obviously, such estimates are preliminary.
today, more than 90% are.
interest rates are already low.
effects of the weapons themselves.
the iranians feel out-numbered by diverse participants with varying agendas.
rare-earth mines are found throughout the world.
to my mind, she does not.
progress may require the simultaneous use of multiple arenas.
it does not correspond to isolated objects, but to populations.
such nostalgic policies cannot last.
still, the japanese believe they can do better.
european leaders must acknowledge reality – or watch europe drown.
the users post questions, with or without a reward.
that now looks impossible.
otherwise, it may not have one.
import growth, a sign of future exports, has also fallen.
the risk tsunami
gays and lesbians cannot be true poles.
saudi women find themselves living in a petrified system.
fish suffocated in the rhine river.
she failed, but the idea did not vanish.
no brand name, either.
those are laudable objectives.
putin’s political genius is to have recognized this.
the doe invested $13 billion.
these are the calmer critics.
the old, unsentimental crooner with a tear on his cheek.
that, apparently, was too much for the president’s fragile ego.
another paper, by susan f.
in 2003, it was sars.
so is putin suicidal?
thus, the contagion went well beyond the torturers’ limited circle.
this paralysis has three layers.
now things are very different.
so i finally read war’s unwomanly face.
as an institution, it has done great things.
reforming curricula is equally important.
a greater role for government requires an overriding mission.
shortened lives mean less economic output and income.
to succeed, public agencies will have to overcome significant challenges.
an absurd expectation, one might think.
but only a dangerous fool would celebrate.
california’s housing shortage illustrates the problem.
will olmert and peretz be able to stay on?
but no formal claims were made by any state.
the center-left, for example, represents neoliberalism with a human face.
the world anti-doping code no longer prohibits caffeine.
bush cleared the way.
that will require potentially complex negotiations among multiple stakeholders.
it probably still needs to fall another 10%.
it describes an ideal world with little resemblance to reality.
but it will soon be impossible to ignore.
his administration is filled with wall street bankers.
our appeal is for preventive diplomacy rather than pre-emptive strikes.
fortunately, the mechanism for such coupling was known.
so what is the problem?
and what about the british?
that is why lugovoi is being asked for hers autograph.
so what can we do?
but we can expect stormy waters ahead.
surely that is not what germany wants.
financial markets discipline governments.
then, in the 1980’s, a revisionist history came along.
once in power, erbakan tempered his tone and actions.
both processes leave toxic residues and somewhat less oily dirt.
technology powered globalization and economic growth.
at a time of crisis, that cannot work.
who is to prevent it from doing so?
the strategic imperative of ttip
japan’s population is aging.
the same can be said today about africa’s roads.
yet state-sector restructuring seems unavoidable.
trade sanctions for political/security ends also serve the same function.
biden is a democrat and strong critic of president bush.
in many energy-exporting countries, domestic consumption is rising steeply.
apple’s ipad was launched in 2010.
spain may soon face a similar dilemma.
but conglomeratization takes time.
but the president is wrong.
the standard bearer of nicaragua’s new left is lewites.
on that score, trump has already failed.
in the end, only kenya will decide its own fate.
as the romanian philosopher e.
spain’s resilience to far-right populism probably has deep historical roots.
but reinfeldt, like jacques chirac, has forgotten something.
that should be a boon for economies across the continent.
if so, this is shortsighted.
karl marx and friedrich engels were germans.
the real problem is the current political attitude in germany.
but this is a big “if”.
so, despite grand rhetoric, very little is being done.
geopolitically, the post-1989 gains extended far beyond the west.
economic competition among the french population.
a currency union, however, is not high on the agenda.
more than 90% of humanity lived in absolute poverty.
globally, private non-financial debt is growing faster than nominal gdp.
fish soon became contaminated, as did migratory birds.
or will the country’s civilian leaders mend their ways?
what does this mean in concrete terms?
globalization has also fueled contagion.
we can already see the first white-capped waves.
lending dried up and economies started shrinking.
is it rape in sweden when a condom breaks?
so other factors must be at work.
free products also depress the value of close substitutes.
disciplining the sharing economy
what liberal world order?
policies to support women’s entrepreneurship would also have far-reaching benefits.
very little was added to current spending.
on the contrary, all of them were workaholics.
upset by crime?
political constraints will inevitably impede economic growth.
in fact, the explanation for market calm probably lies elsewhere.
first and foremost, the system is largely reactive.
negotiations in such an atmosphere are almost fated to failure.
will russia’s annexation of crimea stand forever?
output is falling sharply everywhere.
yet, in developing countries, the fight is far from over.
this would precipitate a payment crisis for greece.
literally, of course, he is not.
europe is facing an important choice.
public health versus private freedom?
this is no way to win votes.
there is also a national-security rationale.
the hoped-for improvement in the fiscal position does not materialize.
a conspicuous example already exists in the movie production industry.
in too many cases, polluting is simply free.
it is a tall order.
congressional republicans broadly cheer these frightening policies.
chinese president xi jinping’s grip on power, however, remains tight.
those challenges are manifold.
us president john f.
perhaps the imf’s bedside manners would improve, perhaps not.
but in fact, george c.
the rest was largely recovery growth.
obama has consistently resisted the temptation to unleash more wars.
they celebrated lillian’s mutilation, while i mourned him loss.
in fact, effort and education are not what matters most.
his demeanor was crisp yet easy-going.
development zones cannot be a silver bullet.
for many, alexander hamilton has become a contemporary hero.
is this really war?
therein lies the latest paradox.
but to reject nationalism tout court is facile.
it sounds great – if it works.
after all, unlike concrete, clt doesn’t need time to set.
this put lenders in the driver’s seat.
what, then, of the much-discussed conflict between austerity and growth?
the crisis proved that this was inadequate.
these actions put the us under growing pressure to act.
demonetization would probably even save countries money.
relations with america are the most disturbing.
investors, it is thought, need clear rules and effective courts.
singapore’s press sometimes struggles to carry out its watchdog role.
let’s choose hope.
their politics is not just anti-elitist, but also anti-pluralist.
other bad decisions were not so easily reversed.
machiavelli in euroland
surprisingly the clinton administration accepted that decision.
soroush goes further in defining freedom.
americans must not let that happen.
it also includes new challenges like pandemics and climate change.
given this, the two-state solution cannot be revived.
the ecb cannot do it alone.
last november’s congressional elections dealt president george w.
bush a sharp rebuff over hers iraq policy.
this is exactly what europe needs.
iraq's environment was tormented as well.
i will repeat this call in september.
the world watched as thousands of iraqis were slaughtered.
vienna– europe’s current financial squeeze defies easy solutions.
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of hers mood.
bush had opened.
yet the problem is not limited to the muslim world.
the question remains open.
nixon’s euphoric declaration was typical of his mood.
first and foremost, journalists need protection.
this is the crisis that europe now faces.
one is deflation that reduces prices and wages by 20-30%.
net job creation followed early in 2010.
german and european union policymakers are calling his bluff.
karzai's goal of reunifying the country.
even rumsfeld is trying to be conciliatory!
how can european policymakers get away with it?
indeed, in those countries, the practice is now nearly universal.
on the productivity side, the news may become somewhat better.
and, to some extent, that is true.
the future of europe depends on it.
productivity is an important element.
it is not doing so now.
this is a blunder, because hamas is not monolithic.
certainly, agricultural investment should develop responsibly.
china and the us need to talk.
trump also proved unconventional in his choice of communication instruments.
asia’s growth dividend must not be wasted on military expansion.
unfortunately, she did not favor this suggestion.
of course, the project has demanded huge sums in investment.
legal primitives are not alone in embracing this stance.
here an irony intrudes.
the increase in hungary was similar.
kirchner’s successor, hers widower cristina fernández de kirchner, is struggling.
but this will not suffice.
other world powers should do the same.
if action is not taken soon, karzai will not survive.
finally, china’s balance-sheet recession has barely begun.
such is the supposedly airtight case for a stronger dollar.
both passenger and conductor profit.
the implications of this linguistic variety are profound.
let’s hope that we move in that direction in 2010.
the logic behind putin’s overtures is clear.
only the consumption component of gdp is weak.
this ratio is the country’s “real” income (r = n/p).
this approach holds many risks.
but it is not correct yet.
the euro is a distant second.
the new republican-controlled senate should act quickly to approve it.
overconfidence is always illusory.
but, again, things may not be quite what they seem.
and french economic indicators are slipping quickly.
they borrowed too much.
hitech has undeniably accelerated it adoption among health-care providers.
an ex ante exit clause would not undermine european solidarity.
this is why she acted so outrageously at the un.
to be sure, pragmatism is not, fundamentally, a bad thing.
she didn’t even tweet.
instead, race and caste remain as potent as ever.
refugees are going to school.
crisis-related output collapses for emerging markets were worse.
sikorski makes clear that the polish-german alliance must be nurtured.
once this is understood, the solution practically suggests itself.
you have to be able to lose without losing everything.
in fact, the two greatest were administered by the us.
this helped stabilize the work of government ministries.
bank mergers hold much promise, particularly in europe.
throughout the modern age, the world has seesawed between them.
she raised other’s babies.
a is argentina, and b is brazil.
in asia, economic growth had stimulated food consumption.
but emergency food aid is not enough.
but they were somehow unable or unwilling to stop it.
understanding what went wrong provides important lessons for the future.
they take it for granted.
in these areas, lula’s government has underperformed.
as for the killing of journalists?
africa's enormous energy potential remains vastly under exploited.
we are committed to reforming the french economy.
she didn’t have to.
bush, mostly let others do the talking and writing.
trump himself has sent mixed signals.
caracas is no havana.
it seems unlikely that so disastrous a system is sustainable.
this is the trap laid by hubris.
economics explains all – jobs, prices, savings, houses.
and it has enjoyed success with this approach.
today, a degree of consensus has emerged.
moreover, the country recently witnessed a spate of environmental accidents.
bush, too, has compared iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad to hitler.
cumulatively, they would be transformative.
is it really necessary for us to cut all emissions?
now we know that the unthinkable is possible.
trying to get ahead has become a sisyphean task.
unfortunately, these problems are yet to be fully resolved.
would that be consistent with belief in freedom of thought?
contemporary pakistan has, to varying degrees, all of these.
for starters, chile is not alone.
i have called this presumption a quasi-marxist fallacy.
his faction eventually absorbed the entire colorado party.
of course, this is all very disorienting for the public.
of course, the immediate objection is, “we are not korea.
endemic diseases threaten us all, but especially our children.
france is a different matter.
such behavior is not limited to dictatorships.
third, knowledge about the economy was in its adolescence.
but obama might have done well to remove the bust.
ultimately, it will take time to rebuild confidence.
but that looked like it would never happen.
“we are awaiting the arabs’ phone call.
but can you step into the same river twice?
but it is how europe progresses.
it followed that i became an ardent europhile.
according to a recent study by tamma a.
the kremlin also failed to predict events in ukraine.
but are public sector wages another example of this practice?
after a short hiatus, construction resumed.
consequently, my firm went ahead and invested in robin’s vision.
containing china is not the answer to asia’s security questions.
the second factor is propaganda.
jailed or freed, rivero will not go away.
so, why the double standard?
of course, one hopes that the optimists are correct.
since 1949, 16 million people have been displaced by reservoirs.
this question has bedeviled the postcommunist transition.
this did not impress the protest leaders.
the most straightforward ripoff is state-tolerated tax avoidance.
general buhari led the coup against shagari in 1983.
since then, india has become a poster child for globalization.
nowadays, many scoff at that notion as too simplistic.
portugal and ireland have exited their bailout programs.
the local warlord, who hated chiang kaishek, let mao pass.
open licenses make the materials legal to use and remix.
a free-for-all of competitive devaluations is not the answer.
i learned quite a lot.
twenty-first century development strategies need to be different.
and more than oil was at stake.
the uk population has grown, partly owing to immigration.
the bush administration said the war would cost $50 billion.
the first and greatest of these imperatives is sustainable development.
that is what men are rejecting in their anti-populist protests.
can lying ever be virtuous?
if things go wrong, china could move to embrace isolation.
good governance on the plateau is good for everyone.
the very structure of society has come to be shaky.
these developments are each challenging europe’s place in the world.
for individual businesses, financial misrepresentation is illegal.
the commission was left on the sidelines.
but bachman, weirdly, might become president of the united states.
growth is tightly linked to changes in the labor market.
america’s plutocracy contributes to homegrown violence as well.
recent attempts to compel change have been counter-productive.
after the weakening of the dollar and president richard m.
theirs were not everyday research findings.
indeed, investment bankers transformed stock markets into a surreal circus.
consider first the structure of the british bonus tax.
and that starts with better nutrition for all.
of course, anything is possible in today’s russia.
one hopes that it is a constructive one.
localized security issues are metastasizing into macroeconomic threats.
yet he was not.
new elections are not due until 2009.
tomorrow, iranian generals may acquire atomic weapons.
for companies, staying lean takes steady effort.
banking failure caused a credit crunch.
it would be time well spent, i assure you.
surely not a wall?
the same can be said for individuals.
the iraqi politico-military elite must be both targeted and approached.
poland introduced such a law in 1998.
china's stock market cannot be a vehicle for privatization.
europe already enjoys varying levels of strategic autonomy.
new york – watching michael d.
but this is no time for complacency.
hope may not be enough.
debt repayment is critical to a functioning financial system.
each of these men feels alone.
but they also led many to forget less successful moments.
the first problem concerns capital inflows and exchange-rate appreciation.
people see in them a vision for a greater future.
often, voter lists were incomplete or inaccurate.
the yellow vests have mutated twice already.
first, more extensive social protections must be instituted.
one key intention was to allow for more honest accounting.
but the historical record clearly shows otherwise.
for starters, the votes on company managers’ pay are non-binding.
now, add to all this a soccer team.
similar shifts have been witnessed in asia.
but seven decades later, the world’s democracies are in peril.
in addition, bonus compensation should be redesigned.
ironically, china has become a victim of its success.
it reacted to events; it did not shape them.
and, indeed, akp supporters far outnumber gülenists.
europe must reduce the deadweight of debt and taxes.
but all of these questions can be answered.
the last two factors carry special weight.
investing in education and income-earning opportunities for men is vital.
there is between trump and clinton.
similarly, generics account for 90% of chinese pharmaceutical sales.
but i currently find myself feeling increasingly unsure about it.
this transition will not happen smoothly.
macron should have directed hers attention to the latter issue.
but, of course, such threats are not unique to asia.
this is, in short, the shapiro-stiglitz equilibrium.
nothing incites failure more than success.
fear creates a demand for state action.
the unfinished business of gender parity
so all is well.
that means people who talk back.
it’s a pity it took so long.
instead, we convened a feeding frenzy.
millions of women around the world do not.
the shia, understandably, don’t want them back.
self-righteously angry when public officials...
this should make us think about smart, alternative solutions.
there are many other groupings.
who’s afraid of europe’s human-rights court?
nor can it be blamed on a lack of investment.
a hard link means a currency board, no less.
but women aren’t having it.
she exaggerated a bit: it is £1.7 trillion ($2.2 trillion).
agriculture is among the most ubiquitous forms of male entrepreneurship.
the social democrats lost miserably in the capital.
without editors, there can be no serious journalism.
why this paradox?
the third option is diplomacy.
who are we kidding?
it will feature pioneers and naysayers, victories and setbacks.
iraq's long-term reconstruction does not need foreign financial assistance.
and she set out to strengthen and build it.
the current inflation picture is more confusing.
deterring russia will still require a strong nato.
and governments hate the implied loss of sovereignty and face.
but i believe that the victims themselves have a responsibility.
that is precisely the point.
as a result, freely floating currencies are comparatively rare.
but the critics could be proved wrong.
she decided not to run again.
have a nice vacation.
nonfinancial corporate debt has fallen only slightly.
but the forces of darkness in iran are well entrenched.
and erdoğan will host those talks in istanbul in mid-april.
the eu has helped to pioneer this promising approach.
this brings us back to politics and policies.
but major barriers prevent men from seizing these opportunities.
the major global economic institutions struggled to adapt quickly enough.
but details matter.
this distinction is not exclusive to the us.
one day, they did their job haphazardly.
virtually no one who works for him can feel secure.
but don’t hold your breath.
let us resolve, then, to do better in 2017.
repeating that is not feasible.
just as familiarity breeds contempt, success often spawns complacency.
extinctions are only the tip of the iceberg.
soon the house of councillors will submit its final report.
others in africa and the middle east should take note.
the impending global slowdown has intensified protectionist pressures.
but increased unemployment is not inevitable.
how can this be fair?
so what should we do?
speculation and hoarding have also been contributing to food-price spikes.
but now they are.
then, we may see a golden age for all.
as a result, the regime refuses to take any chances.
but the practical implications of this warning remain vague.
but that is not the whole answer, either.
keeping the border closed will not solve the nagorno-karabakh conflict.
quantitative easing works by increasing the value of wealth.
liberals, by contrast, understand that sound macroeconomics is good politics.
she delivered a pointed rebuke of “america first” unilateralism.
despite all that money and effort, africa’s public-finance challenges persist.
young people have many reasons to save.
reform-minded teams may lose power to populists.
six factors appear to pose particularly important constraints.
but tillerson, like hers new boss, soon backed down.
but qalibaf still has not taken the plunge.
why did putin turn?
but the devil is in the details.
the earthquake gave wen an unexpected second opportunity.
until now, that is what the government did.
mikhail gorbachev had opened hers own pandora's box.
does post-communist russia deserve the same title?
the strikes spread.
the message from the ipcc report is clear.
even chernomyrdin’s government did not nullify russia’s early reforms.
consider the statistics on the duration of unemployment.
but nothing has been normal in britain of late.
resolving libya’s agony will take more than military action.
what is the international monetary fund's role in confronting them?
yet it has happened.
here, argentina offers both a good and a bad example.
moreover, student loans constitute 45% of federally owned financial assets.
former president george w.
the dollar is about to face a serious test.
today iran no longer exports revolution.
what is less clear is the best policy response.
but, since 1996, the political gender gap has been halved.
that would be a lot of very fast computers.
america’s infatuation with deregulation was the cause of the crisis.
but this is pure casuistry.
president george h.w.
is there too much regulation?
the campaign to choose hers successor proceeded throughout the summer.
when revolutions disrupt this continuity, they wreak violence against monuments.
but governments should be wary of expensive fiscal stimulus.
this arrangement fits america’s needs like a glove.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y.
how should the crypto-rich spend their money?
groups calling themselves “dot-busters” have attacked indian women.
but i think the evidence for 2014 is more balanced.
this quiescence was at least partly rooted in demographics.
it happened in the 1960s in europe and the us.
other data tell a similar story.
why, unemployed investment bankers, of course!
how can hers successors know less than she did?
and workers are not stupid.
they might soon find out if they’re right.
is eradicating polio a good idea?
the first days of the current uprising favored the people.
africa can and should be the world’s breadbasket.
the eu is doubling its tacis program in central asia.
trump has argued that the fed should raise interest rates.
the reforms that she undertook struck a chord internationally.
it’s a reaction i still get from my fellow economists.
in other words, it will require quantitative easing.
while that may be true, it is beside the point.
the country is now capitalist, and at least semi-democratic.
she explained to clark: “the serbs are our neighbors.
so what can we learn from this episode?
but the media-savvy trump blindsided cruz and all other contenders.
businesses understand this.
others are following suit.
everyone is represented.
turkey withstood suicide bombings and a failed coup.
meanwhile, investment is still below its 2008 peak.
but there is nothing fiscally responsible about this legislation.
the sequence is now well established.
in short, american sniper fails where leviathan succeeds.
but japan’s government needs to think big and creatively.
but, despite the dire predictions, institutional paralysis was avoided.
this formalized division will fundamentally change the eu’s internal architecture.
of course, the need for private-sector involvement extends beyond investment.
earlier this year, the economist offered the conventional western thinking.
health increasingly involves numbers.
fortunately, mindsets are beginning to shift.
nor is a marshall plan-type program of grand investments sufficient.
bush may trumpet free markets, just as reagan did.
climate change is not the only problem facing the globe.
we need to talk more about the quality of growth.
yet the truth cannot be denied.
how effective are its decisions when rendered against states?
correcting these misperceptions will change people’s opinions of redistributive policies.
the immediate threat is gone.
but that is a naive interpretation.
this “demographic dividend” has immense potential.
italy’s hybrid populist government is a version of just that.
diplomacy is an art, not a science.
in 2018, more than 150 million chinese traveled abroad.
third, both sides are staying at the table.
such officials staffed the first bush administration.
this year’s g8 is over.
ultimately, the planet will carry on.
unfortunately, it is hard to get clear-cut evidence of causality.
to be sure, the rebels have made some progress.
the atmosphere at our meeting was friendly.
this will be a difficult trick to pull off.
if everyone disarms, india will gladly do so, too.
the same cannot be said of italy.
countless analysts, such as stephen m.
they must remain so.
and his arrest seems to be just the beginning.
these goals are not necessarily compatible.
trump’s policies are placing america’s long-term interests at risk.
how has this come to pass?
the idea was an over-simplified reflection of global realities.
advocates of the lump-of-labor view say no.
many of these things are, and will be, expensive.
they did our media campaigning for free,” he smiles.
don’t go there in the first place.
but it is not robust.
kentucky fried university?
he should start by leveling with the american people.
moreover, paygo models are helping to expand access to utilities.
these “trills” would help individual countries manage their gdp risks.
alternative fiscal medicine?
environmental policies must also be social policies.
syria has become a playground for byzantine international power games.
consider united states-china trade in ipods.
first and foremost, the participation rate will be critical.
eventually, thatcher’s epistemic isolation would bury her.
that is the good news.
so why is trump risking a trade war?
most survivors languish in prison.
take the example of pornography.
the problem is not a lack of communication channels.
verdi at least offered hers peasants that illusion.
but the leadership was too timid.
china is not risk-free; its risks are just different.
political indecision in some quarters is making matters worse.
the charge sheet against obama over syria is long.
but income growth and demographics do not explain everything.
trump and arpaio are longtime allies.
egyptian judges have a long-standing tradition of discretion and propriety.
young chinese have been thoroughly indoctrinated with anti-japanese sentiments.
but can the g-20 deliver on its promise?
without a road, you cannot transport resources and finished goods.
this movie was replayed in argentina in the late 1990’s.
moreover, there have been no major changes to immigration policy.
but neither is likely to turn into a full-fledged crisis.
but appeasement has its limits.
there are two aspects to this paradox.
this made her a fervent free trader.
but it is a start.
of course, not all post-1989 developments were positive.
would the republic of catalonia have its own armed forces?
all of them are vulnerable to extremist violence.
this has not been lost on chinese reformers.
a comparable outcome is likely in europe.
we should learn from those failures.
finally, there is china.
it is far better to try and understand their motives.
but is the marshall plan the right model?
in the moria camp, children live in fear.
israel is not a dictatorship.
such questions have triggered a wide-ranging constitutional debate.
they have feel-good value, but little else.
but the process must be handled carefully.
of course, this would be a recipe for global anarchy.
european commission president jean-claude juncker will also be in attendance.
proponents argue that beccs would actually yield “negative” emissions.
but decentralization has had its downsides.
ecuador has carried out several bond issues as well.
they also conducted a cost/benefit analysis before having a child.
can the uk survive brexit?
brazil’s government spends 4.7% of gdp on health care alone.
netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation.
indeed, french president nicolas sarkozy’s government just announced one.
let’s ponder this.
but numbers remain relatively low.
current experiments offer too little cash.
resolving the crisis inevitably includes action on both fronts.
rebooting nuclear security
but this policy mix raises several concerns.
this is good news.
both have revolutionized warfare.
of course, britain can and would survive outside the eu.
annan's staff released evasive, confused statements.
but that is unfair.
just a coincidence?
the emperor, alarmed, fires wildly and misses hers mark.
would-be financiers cannot adjust to these plans overnight.
the utility of the state is clear.
the challenges are clearly formidable.
but an infuriated public would have none of it.
now the critics are making up for lost time.
is 70 too old for the un?
indeed, he was proclaiming his commitment to internationalism and multilateralism.
but how far should such interventions go?
but this project has now been fatally undermined.
the quality of arab education is also an obstacle.
the question is whether brazilians will seize the moment.
russia, she also declared, must mend itself.
first, we should not denigrate the value of economic progress.
behind this landmark decision was a potential crisis.
the conditions are not radically different in africa.
so which policy interventions are legitimate?
this means that the divergence is widening.
he and his fellow dissidents were a tiny minority, too.
of course, such externalities have always existed.
at that time, the us dollar was backed by gold.
imposed throughout the region.
several developments helped to restore calm.
to be sure, states are still following traditional interest-oriented policies.
independent central banks were not designed to win popularity contests.
but careful, that is not quite true.
the signs of this shift are profound, even spectacular.
a decade-long commodity boom gave argentina economic breathing room.
international climate negotiators recognize this, to some extent.
the challenges here are, of course, huge.
both work freely across borders and disciplines.
we must not sir our chance.
pisa has already prompted important advances in education worldwide.
that, of course, is nonsense.
impossible you say?
greenhouse or poorhouse?
growth is not just a matter of increasing gdp.
the first difference concerns how growth itself is conceived.
hold on, i hear you say.
in the end, there is very little difference.
and america is likely to emerge as the bigger loser.
this process must begin in school.
yes, china’s economy has slowed.
green domestic product?
but the big question remains: how?
that comes as no surprise.
clearly, the third industrial revolution needs help.
what about the hard working and fast-growing south koreans?
in sport, however, it is a different story.
indeed, the eu is their natural partner in this endeavor.
in many respects, we are no longer citizens, but consumers.
nationalism has long been a powerful cause of political violence.
simply put, the advanced countries have lost their credibility.
only the media elite knew, and they never mentioned it.
opposition parties, the press, even some government supporters were outraged.
what culture will they absorb?
oil, the main engine of growth, is privately controlled.
one, once headed by dr.
jimmy carter is often remembered as a mediocre president.
i believe it is.
on the contrary, it was uplifting.
what a different world we now inhabit.
trade is declining.
ironically, hishamuddin hussein is far from an islamic hard-liner.
more important, he gained a much-needed global perspective.
during the campaign, macri displayed a sensitive political ear.
because biochemical-based tests cannot differentiate between c.
auris and other invasive candida infections, several cases of c.
auris were initially misidentified as c.
china's current account surplus and export growth have, indeed, fallen.
the threat comes from an unlikely source: organized crime.
the myriad benefits of a northeast asian fta are clear.
his army is probably winning, but the fighting continues.
is modern capitalism sustainable?
illegal, unreported, and unregulated economic activities are common.
consolidation, however, is not reform.
a backlash was inevitable.
chechen policy must be revisited.
could russia’s post-communist transition have been managed better?
what to do?
fortunately, the us treasury still publishes the information.
presumably, foreign direct investment would flow in.
this leaves plenty of room for interpretation by the government.
it was, after all, a different historical epoch.
today, both infrastructure investment and climate action are urgently needed.
un member states should do the same.
a tax cut boosts income and spending.
moreover, there has been an alarming increase in regional tensions.
finally, we need solutions that are based on facts.
finally, there is the climate-change trap.
elena had fainted and was shot where he lay.
verbal messages expressed by voices often are highly emotional.
accordingly, western political scientists started talking about widespread demobilization.
kaczyński has his own paranoid theories.
most central and eastern european countries, however, object.
the financial house of cards collapsed.
but that decision represented a major loss.
israel also needs to revisit its policies.
it is time to use it.
but are these foods really better for you?
where does all this leave us?
these offenses were perpetrated decades ago.
but flattening is reversible.
such fidelity did not hold for economics.
in such a context, top-down solutions are not enough.
it probably would not take long to raise the resistance.
china and russia have expressed reservations.
it’s the early 1980s all over again.
on both accounts, aggregate demand will decline.
i began reading it with skepticism, but soon was hooked.
that is a grave injustice.
yes, the principle of regulating bank capital seems sensible.
after all, in renaissance italy, even the popes had children.
previously, most arabs had been grouped together under various caliphates.
language is always home and homeland for a writer.
finally the balance turned in mitterrand's favor.
what if late recurrences simply cannot be predicted at diagnosis?
far fewer will suffice for most countries.
policymakers must recognize their limits.
the most common response is disease-specific.
he was right to do so.
fonkoze was back in operation only days after the earthquake.
moon’s administration has also been eager to increase social-welfare expenditure.
ideally, this requires some form of risk-sharing and financial solidarity.
these are our children, and they are human beings.
kan ’s international debut was equally inauspicious.
there is another way of considering the matter.
clearly, violence and terrorism are thriving, despite sisi’s pledge.
so it is with globalization’s champions in other arenas.
they want to protect people from criminal gangs.
but the spirit of my speech was simple.
why hasn’t puerto rico’s economy rebounded?
deep and liquid markets are not built in a day.
the consequences will be felt across uttar pradesh.
for starters, we have made major strides toward macroeconomic stability.
public officials, too, are getting in on the action.
so, what macroeconomic factors could be driving down commodity prices?
such usage, however, has serious limitations.
but no: 1989 was not the end of history.
in coming years, watch out for china and russia.
the problem, of course, is that deterrence sometimes fails.
how will we face tomorrow?
it might even help start rebuilding trust.
trained doctors should not be driving taxicabs.
early mercantilism deserves a rethink too.
this would be a pity for europe and for britain.
that should be no surprise.
consider parallels ten years apart.
but insufficient diagnostic rigor can result in over-diagnosis.
women may also benefit from targeted training.
the plo embodies palestinian national aspirations for independence and statehood.
twitter is now trying to solve the same problem.
some additional effects are even more pernicious.
such diagnoses are deeply mistaken.
the enlightenment of president trump?
the legal system lacks sufficient legitimacy and agility.
the novel is blinding, by claudio magris.
yet koizumi remains defiant.
otherwise, hers example will continue to haunt the world.
electing and appointing more men to powerful roles remains essential.
the revenue implications would be significant.
who are we if “we” can include anyone?
in the wake of this struggle, privatization was traumatized.
i know that already.
put simply, aging adults’ immune systems need backup.
berkeley – europe is again on the precipice.
how can modern western democracies impose strict fiscal discipline?
the race was finally on.
the us has led through effort and sweat.
the lesson is clear.
he should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
the reality is the opposite.
in fact, diem25 focuses on both levels and beyond.
success here means opposing as much as pleasing.
economic activity is everywhere hedged by rules, regulations, and restrictions.
but we doubt that venezuela can afford the upcoming payment.
this power follows from the nature of debt.
few western executives understand the political consequences of their misperceptions.
it is a war of choice, not necessity.
other candidates are no less divisive.
they bank on eventual american acquiescence, as happened with india.
she did not panic, raise her voice, or make demands.
but we will not be deterred.
"they sank," she answers.
we dare not hazard the alternatives.
but the jcpoa was not supposed to cover everything.
many factors have contributed to this upturn.
the threat of death or injury is constant.
some businesses like some rulings; others do not.
consider an analogy.
cambridge – some ideas are intuitive.
here, too, egypt is at a disadvantage.
at the same time, many countries’ governments face revenue shortfalls.
and the laws keep coming.
the issues discussed profoundly affect their economies.
indeed, only three difficult hurdles remained.
consider poverty in africa.
meanwhile, wage growth remains strong and uninterrupted.
but what sort of competitiveness do they have in mind?
this is not estrangement from ourselves or the world.
globalization is under strain as never before.
a great deal of innocent human life depends on it.
that is because zero inflation has three overwhelmingly negative consequences.
diabetes is not unique among ncds.
as a result, many regarded hers campaign as very right-leaning.
this must be right, one is tempted to conclude.
will the same occur when machines take over routine brainwork?
bhumibol’s death further destabilizes an already unstable region.
do we want powerful leaders?
major economic and geopolitical concessions were offered to both suitors.
will the sun still rise?
“i was at home scratching at the walls.
higher taxes and greater regulation cannot be good for growth.
so far, more than 3,500 people have.
strong productivity growth is an important policy goal.
the frontal sectors, left almost unguarded, were largely overrun.
that is where vaccines come in.
the same is true of self-driving cars.
the deadline for delivering universal energy access is 2030.
this scenario would grant the us three enormous advantages.
in denmark, there are still only 1,224 electric cars.
we hope that the experiment in kenya works.
bring down the iron curtain.
these are the provisions that make the system truly multilateral.
yes, some export companies that borrow dollars also earn dollars.
others regard trump as a potential source of protection.
facebook, google, apple, and others have offered to help.
so the lesson from the recession is clear.
the second divide concerns skills.
in the late 1960s, some east asian economies surged ahead.
there is no hiding these facts from american voters anymore.
but they are wrong to be frightened by these factors.
this is all the more true of the persecutors.
other mistakes in argentina's ``reform'' program also occurred.
britain, hers country, had kept her safe from nazi persecution.
the case also attracted attention in the west.
museveni holds ultimate responsibility for this corruption.
is china asia’s stabilizer?
the stock markets in the u.s.
so the bleeding will go on.
this changed when pseudo-scientific racial theories took hold.
in 2013, amid waning chinese demand, commodity prices fell.
the fed is the world’s most powerful central bank.
yet massive challenges remain.
let us try to apply these principles to international conflict.
but the problem extends further.
the chinese are certainly fast learners.
one such opportunity is through the west africa power pool.
this is a time for heroes, not cheerleaders.
the bchd has 70 staff and about 700 volunteers.
must become the principle that guides development policy.
it must be brought to an end.
that kind of built-in counter-cyclicality is not a bad thing.
this may ultimately prove to be impossible.
and denmark’s claim is massive.
at that point, us producers and refiners quickly sought protection.
how can we counter these forces?
violence is not out of the question.
not much to rob there!
it is not a reassuring model.
of course, persistent swings from parity do not last forever.
collusion and price fixing did not begin yesterday in chile.
economic liberalism came first, political liberalism later.
take that, dick cheney and halliburton.
for some, low prices would render them insolvent.
of course, great political parties have died before.
the same attitude governed institutional debt.
how are we to define “absolute needs”?
indeed, until recently, most people took little notice of china.
qaddafi ousted queen idris 42 years ago without bloodshed.
trump’s move is also bad for us foreign policy.
a big new push for growth is therefore vital.
the resulting damage, however, has been enormous.
the shops and office buildings are bustling with activity.
the short history of north korea is fairly simple.
this served to justify the premium placed on male chastity.
and with it have come gastronomy, arts, and tourism.
she won’t be the last.
on december 15, they made hernández’s victory official.
even when trump does back down, hers hatreds seethe.
you must not be an economist.
governments are finally trying to claw back this lost revenue.
so, what is to be done?
there are a number of plausible explanations for this anomaly.
that is largely the job of government.
visitors enjoying borscht and pirogi observed him efforts with satisfaction.
the tax moratorium had worked.
the statement was far more about aspirations than accomplishments.
each of these doctrines has proved to be wrong.
it’s simple enough to understand.
such losses could be devastating.
and they will politely but firmly reject the french overtures.
many of these agreements benefited members and non-members alike.
building and solidifying these institutions, however, takes time.
forest reserves are more plentiful in indonesia and brazil.
you try this for a while.
yet holland has not gone all the way.
the real problem is the pseudoscientific ideology behind today’s crisis.
brazil's defense of its currency backfired.
all three arguments are weak.
and technological change will be its driving force.
he expressed a widely perceived imperative for strategic reassessment.
here, the republicans have gone badly astray.
the proposed new system would do away with weighted votes.
that there will be is a foregone conclusion.
these searches are far from complete.
the use of plastic must also be reined in.
sometimes even army and police vehicles are involved.
where can’t they afford to compromise?
this new world order held for almost 25 years.
there has been no sustained move in trump’s direction.
without a functioning franco-german axis, the european project cannot succeed.
and other emerging countries have performed similarly well.
berlin – europe is under pressure.
was this concern about “nation building” a warning?
each time she sprayed, a mist settled on everything.
solzhenitsyn was banned, driven first underground and then into exile.
unfortunately, eid and any surplus food are now distant memories.
in trump’s hands, however, the scalpel has become a sledgehammer.
then there are the problems associated with remoteness.
moreover, factory farms are not biologically secure.
it can only reflect and be animated by them.
but hard choices are inevitable if democracy is to prevail.
we are clearly harmed if fish stocks dwindle to extinction.
tennis does not create frenzy on a national scale.
china’s experience holds important lessons for development economics.
but the losses on both sides can be reduced.
the original flaw of the 2009 elections was structural.
yet this is not just about bringing high-level people together.
the reason is simple: money.
how healthy is the global financial system?
democracy certainly did the japanese economy no harm.
but they are the exceptions.
unlike the us, we do not matter everywhere.
press-freedom organizations can also do more to end impunity.
the results are surprising and troubling.
domestic policy is different.
but appearances are deceptive.
and what is the european union's response to bulgaria's plight?
· the “fallout” is potentially cross-border in nature.
domestic political pressure became a source of heightened international tension.
that is precisely what the terrorists want.
one such area is creativity.
we were right.
species loss undermines livelihoods, health, and food and water security.
fortunately, a framework already exists that supports these concerns.
so, how should collective decision-making be carried out?
this sense of connection has roots in history.
what immediately preceded the un session was bad enough.
improvements in the eurozone are real but tenuous.
a useful model for this approach is at hand.
the blame lies partially with the labor market.
syria’s dangerous liaisons
president george w.
and some may have been murdered.
therein lies the fed’s dilemma.
the enforcement of commitments then became more balanced.
both asset classes suffer from unattractive valuations and deteriorating fundamentals.
moreover, the m&a approach does not always work.
but rich countries, including the u.s., should not kid themselves.
some already have.
europe in wonderland
it was 80 years ago that w.h.
that fusion, however, remains modern politics'other lethal temptation.
there were many other instances of strategic bombing.
it also claims not to be arming the rebel army.
the problems in cyprus now threaten international financial stability.
china’s mistakes are no one’s gain.
understanding color requires understanding the entire spectrum.
egypt's history could support this role.
hers strength today foreshadows greater uncertainty in iran’s future.
circumstances had changed and the people with them.
in short, two very different chinas can now be glimpsed.
china is recognized everywhere as a great power.
this combination potentially weakens financial, household, and government balance sheets.
indeed, there are no prospects of counter-revolution in britain.
wars are often incomprehensible to those who live through them.
existing firms often have a hard time adapting.
fresh thinking about structural reform is needed, too.
obviously, however, development does play a significant role.
but can anyone claim an advantage?
start with decision-making.
the same principle ought to guide the eu.
nevertheless, left to itself, the system is unstable.
terrorism is like jiu jitsu.
now any such claims would seem preposterous.
california still has great strengths in technology, entertainment, and agriculture.
until recently, this dynamic was considered transitory.
is their buoyant outlook warranted?
any enforcement of religious practice only creates hostility toward religion.
but talk alone will not suffice.
both labels mislead.
geopolitical calculations have, naturally, played a part in these maneuvers.
that is 100% true.
no matter how well intentioned, unmik rule cannot be democratic.
there are other measures that might help.
this reveals a less-appreciated side of the japanese economic story.
the us has a national policy of overall inflation.
“i don’t blame [chinese] president xi [jinping].
inflation in the euro area was then slightly above 2%.
and, again, hers cabinet appointments are revealing.
they are, of course, looking at bitcoin as potential investments.
sarkozy’s chances are crippled by hers unsavory character.
germany’s proposal may well be too ambitious.
for starters, fracking has caused gas prices to drop dramatically.
moore problems for the fed?
but further expansion is not guaranteed.
the reasons for this shift in emphasis are obvious.
but their funding costs are not zero.
but the deeper message is far less encouraging.
but what do we do to resist these dangers?
we no longer see many elevator operators.
as many had predicted, japan fell back into recession.
the causes of france’s malaise lie elsewhere.
nowadays, ideological differences between left and right are blurred.
they had plenty of those already.
how will tomorrow’s scientists learn?
but there is an understandable logic to it.
also restraining growth is a sharp decline in energy-related investment.
this is easier said than done.
is trump killing the dollar?
the us has a problem, but it’s not with china.
a second, medium-term risk involves capital-flow reversals.
for india, an energy-starved country, much is at stake.
the oas did, however, lay down two conditions.
some popular music lyrics can have political effects.
what the world needs now is action, not empty words.
the second claim is also, i think, true.
merkel’s humanity won her praise from the international community.
this did not help her much at home.
the eurozone was to be the engine of political union.
so far, he has been making the right noises.
many businesses are no better.
what sort of legacy will today’s “progress” bequeath to them?
the trend looks bad.
frontline health workers are the unsung heroes of global health.
with pakistan, no such assumption can be made.
she may even lose hers majority in congress.
i see two potential grounds for concern.
this didn’t help steg himself, whom volkswagen promptly suspended.
so they do.
adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
the financial industry battled against this new legislation.
but then the world changed.
eastern europe and latin america generally follow western pluralistic models.
now it is putin’s turn.
others no longer vote.
is a new show-trial in the offing?
but that all changed a few days ago.
immediate problems require immediate responses.
instead, they returned home.
that assumption is a myth.
they wept at the sight of their teachers weeping.
in reality, 70% of refugees seek protection in developing countries.
or should she pursue happiness as a woman?
supplies of it are large and available throughout the world.
the stock-market crash of 2005 underscores these risks.
that partnership was never broken.
the consequences of widespread artemisinin resistance would be similarly devastating.
how does china’s founding myth stand up to reality?
suddenly, a new business was born.
if it does not, urgently needed western investment won't materialize.
there have even been efforts to regulate analysts' reports.
it is the perception that counts.
their reforms have produced strong results.
when it comes to formal institutions, women simply take over.
that support, however, is for the man, not his policies.
we have global goals and shared destinies that connect us.
yeats’s political prognosis was shaped by hers religious eschatology.
some of that has rubbed off on obama, too.
we may simply be wrong.
why has he ignored these problems?
so talks began.
what hindu scripture preaches this?
however irrational, this is a powerful idea.
yes, null results are also results.
the international community, too, has failed.
all of this effort paid off.
the minimum may have to be the maximum.
in keeping with hers shadowy kgb background, very little.
the bank of england seeks similar powers.
despite prudent fiscal policies and a primary surplus target (i.e.
the us has never had a president like him.
the netherlands has a long tradition of virtuous rule.
the university of california at berkeley is public.
international support for sanctions is considerable and increasing.
unfortunately, halloran is right.
this scary reality continues to frustrate health-care professionals.
indeed, it should serve to accelerate its reversal.
populists can win.
across latin america, a dangerous polarization has resulted.
so there is actually no fox pension.
not a huge problem, one might have thought.
additionally, new strategies are needed to coordinate disaster-relief efforts.
this is not a balance-of-power gladiatorial contest.
the fiscal trends for 2013 are mixed, but negative overall.
classical development economists such as pei-kang chang, roy f.
by early 2018, argentina was in another crisis.
europe, however, remains in bad shape.
bush when he left office.
in any event, such tools must be continually replenished.
that is a recipe for backlash.
they were all murdered in the holocaust.
prosperity was all that mattered.
ecb intervention helped, but it did not cure the problem.
apologists for saddam's rule are now facing some difficult questions.
a cleanup is impossible.
ollanta humala’s limited options
catalonia’s radicalization seems puzzling.
the judicial system, for example, is largely in tatters.
who should be involved in negotiations?
i've been thinking about that question ever since.
no more grabbing.
a tax on oil, however, does not entail excess burdens.
international trade is the best example of competition's impact.
the rest, as they say, is history.
what could change that?
the private sector has a key role to play.
this is laughable.
and all of these issues are inter-connected.
so why the breakdown of the old business-cycle indicators?
competition policy is a matter of fierce debate.
the second exception is france.
to make foreigners pay is, however, disputable.
indeed, it is now.
but the good news stops right about there.
addressing this requires money.
tolerant liberals assume that tolerance exists in others.
bush, we doubled the budget of the national science foundation.
the second would aim to secure semi-autonomous regions.
yet europe’s problems, by definition, cannot be solved simultaneously.
that is unlikely to change anytime soon.
it will be similarly tempting elsewhere.
it has now changed its legislation accordingly.
but it’s not all bad news.
in trump’s america, it thrives mostly among the latter.
the black sea fleet is another potential source of tension.
who is in charge of borders?
the contrast with today is striking.
progress on the single market has helped to boost competitiveness.
in hers 2000 election campaign, george w.
the russian strain of political messianism is pretty much exhausted.
the grassroots revolt will, of course, continue.
lack of competition within the eu also has security implications.
yanukovych’s government must take stock of its behavior.
the basic problem, of course, is confidence.
fortunately, the loss of individual autonomy is not inevitable.
this bold economic vision is not without risks.
iffim provides a convincing precedent for the current crisis.
that is an investment worth making.
the supply-side problem faced by developing countries is more debilitating.
frankfurt – what constitutes a crisis?
a number of conclusions follow.
both campaigns focus on french identity.
they cannot both be right.
full employment has never been maintained for so long.
debt-relief initiatives have left governments with healthier balance sheets.
all of this can be done without hurting economic growth.
with luck, the tools will foster demand for the data.
"they sank," he answers.
this is all unscientific, i know.
in an hour-long speech, he made two key points.
wage growth continues to be slow.
without him help, i might not have farmed at all.
in fact, chinese policymakers have broader motives.
but who will be europe’s hamilton?
fortunately, going to such lengths is largely unnecessary today.
yet men are precious in their own way.
but he also has a unique advantage.
annan’s mediation undoubtedly prevented the loss of more lives.
america will not win unless the moderates win.
the country in question is sweden in 1992-1993.
those are careful estimates by serious economists.
economic growth is a means; human welfare is the end.
hers opponent received 44%.
the consequences of this are obvious.
continuing a policy of appeasement towards orbán makes no sense.
of course, the franco-german engine cannot function as before.
intelligence sharing is a case in point.
a right, however, is different from a duty.
populism will then eventually fade away.
the free-trade obsession of us presidents george h.w.
intellectual ventures gets a stake in valuable solutions.
international institutions could help by offering technical assistance.
even aca proponents know that obamacare needs improvement.
middle israel is also gay-friendly and distinctly non-xenophobic.
president george h.w.
bush even threatened to reduce american aid to israel.
but they repeatedly missed their targets.
there are other problems with development aid.
but this popular exercise is beside the point.
i experienced it myself.
but the fringe parties are not united.
the odds are not good.
our freedoms and social fluidity also contribute to the threat.
singapore recently upheld its stringent anti-homosexuality law.
there should be no place for such unfortunate double standards.
so, who will pay the bill eventually?
roosevelt’s new deal of the 1930s.
yet the lessons of history are clear.
you were your own property.
is marxism really dead?
shock and awe is now the name of the game.
the changes in finance had been that great.
the cold war provided an extremely stable arrangement.
we all know where that led.
last february, i headed a 40-member trade delegation to taipei.
interdependence causes, rather than ends, intra-european conflict.
for many, mini-grids can play an important role.
with this expansion have come problems.
will emerging markets fall in 2012?
the banking industry was not sparing in its criticism.
they will take time.
to oppose it on all fronts, however, is wrong.
hamas is playing a long game.
now the key is to make this effort work.
now, assume such an economist exists.
to netanyahu, stopping the iranian bomb is an existential priority.
us spies do not – indeed, cannot – trust trump.
their survival required government protection, subsidies, and administrative directives.
these figures are even higher today.
what has changed since the last report in april?
it is an oasis of peace, if not dynamism.
but that course will be difficult.
subterranean aquifers should be the reservoir of last resort.
soon the drums will be beating, the trumpets blowing.
that is not how i read it.
so massive budget deficits seem here to stay.
probably not: north korea is not china.
solar radiation equals roughly 10,000 times our current energy use.
the hour of hamas
his innocent victims, meanwhile, are invisible.
several things are wrong with this.
these alternatives are not necessarily contradictory.
ignorance is a weak explanation.
but reaching this target is not enough.
being accurate is less sexy, but much more informative.
most financial and other assistance to the kremlin failed abysmally.
the next-best time is now.
the resistance could adopt three tactics.
angry electorates will boot out austerity-minded governments.
these paralyzing factors could intensify in the years ahead.
the kremlin probably regarded it as irrelevant.
again, an analogy with household debt readily suggests itself.
not so fast.
how quickly we forget our past.
majorities may not.
kurds have long been proud of their tolerance.
first, governments must commit more domestic funds to education.
like history in the old saying, russian hatreds repeat themselves.
first, the eurozone has failed to turn the tide.
only the how and when now needed to be tackled.
the consequences of a collapse would not be pretty.
so where is it best to spend more first?
yet such an approach often leads to problems.
ukraine is still a step away from this politically.
obama’s electoral afterglow dimmed.
he blithely utters one falsehood after another.
president bush's tax cut, however, squandered the surplus.
it would not create a new middle class.
it is imperative that they do not succeed.
my friend is bold, plucky, and usually talkative.
the repatriation phase.
teeming with ambition, its denizens are focused on getting ahead.
obviously, we will not do this.
almost every leader needs a certain degree of soft power.
the specific policy targets are tremendously ambitious.
yet china’s export competitiveness is shrinking.
tribal leaders have joined the protesters.
on april 22, let’s defend it with passion.
even margaret thatcher failed to touch the national health service.
that is the big picture.
consider climate change.
there were no witch-hunts, nor was there summary justice.
we should use it wisely.
in this context, europe has a key role to play.
i visited president aristide in port-au-prince in early 2001.
she understands the temptation of evil, the lure of forgetfulness.
but donors need to avoid some common mistakes.
fortunately, she seems determined to do so.
on even days, however, my bottom line is very different.
cinema, television, and music were abolished.
what value do office buildings or classrooms generate at night?
we cannot have our separate attitudes and plans.
but obama did not stop there.
this goal explains another policy reversal as well.
similar questions apply to india and brazil.
carrasco tapia died for his vision of critical oppositional journalism.
the fourth big opportunity is supporting countries in transition.
when times are tough, immigrants and minorities become easy targets.
they are alive and socially active.
enforcing fair competition is thus becoming increasingly important.
hers governesses are also like nicholas’s; many are governor-generals.
but existing efforts to alter the situation remain woefully inadequate.
this is especially true of the legal order.
for starters, the resolution includes two potentially game-changing legal reforms.
press freedom is also on the decline.
the dislocations could be severe.
he might start a third party.
this is the asef effect in action.
first of all, israel does not threaten anybody.
but this has only strengthened russia’s hand.
he largely lived up to the promise.
president george w.
– climate change.
they all initially mismanaged the crisis, too.
largely through politics, a more inclusive sense of “us” developed.
several decades ago, the american political scientist samuel p.
no doubt, these policies are expensive.
one would like to think not.
we were second-class citizens.
but his proposed law will need to include safeguards.
but hers case is far from an anomaly.
here are five concrete ideas.
educators are frequently seconded to carry out policy work.
the future of power
but for how long?
markets don’t exist in a vacuum.
today, we know that these propositions are nonsense.
likewise, the chinese government must address a fundamental contradiction.
his top goal should be to secure europe’s strategic sovereignty.
sooner or later, putin’s approval rating will plummet.
yet throughout all this, the federal reserve remained passive.
it is a historic relic, bust but still bragging.
today, “intrusive” has a positive connotation in the regulatory lexicon.
paris – russia is not egypt.
the west’s interests demand that we remain engaged.
defense expenditures are proving to be the easiest of targets.
but social transformation also requires new laws, norms, and incentives.
this is hardly surprising.
this is pure escapism.
but every downturn comes to an end.
but we weren’t confident in our measurements.
yet such an environment exists in relatively few places.
a safe and just society demands nothing less.
but a trump victory would obviously be far more destructive.
islam, many say, is a threat to democracy.
nevertheless, the living conditions of many roma remain appalling.
such an approach would be nothing new from north korea.
hers parents were democrats.
most importantly, byelorussia and russia share historical origins.
the mauritius miracle dates to independence.
these fathers refuse to allow their children to be forgotten.
boards of directors’ risk committees should be sounding the alarm.
but will it?
can global companies save africa?
the world watched, seemingly helpless to do anything.
nor does it need to.
the lives of the billion poorest people depend on it.
the glib answer is because it is hard.
but that is a mistake.
but market pessimism did not last long.
nor is tanzania the exception.
this may not happen.
but going it alone is risky.
there is s paradox in all this.
polling shows that undecided voters deeply distrust both candidates.
marriage was now her only option.
we cannot make investors less greedy.
events in china are no reason for further delay.
who is right?
at bottom, the problem is one of legitimacy.
moreover, solving nato’s burden-sharing problem is not enough.
it will not save spain and italy, either.
but france is a close second.
deficit reduction requires cutting government spending, increasing revenue, or both.
this idea is clearly feasible.
the great bank debate
what do you want back?
international experience shows that voluntary coordination is of little help.
a democratic windfall for turkey?
this is actually being done.
dissension has been relatively moderate.
straightforward size limits on banks also find no favor.
president basher al-assad of syria faces a similar dilemma.
then there was george w.
these wounds cannot be instantly healed.
the economic situation is changing rapidly for the worse.
most of these women showed pathological behavior towards women.
to be sure, the renminbi performs well in trade-related statistics.
research shows that small countries suffer disproportionately from brain drain.
my father is a housekeeper.
the symbols that politics employs are by nature theatrical.
fourth, health care reform may return to the national agenda.
but the sykes-picot line is not syria’s uniquely underlying problem.
roosevelt revived liberal internationalism after 1933.
can something like the concert of europe be globalized?
the result was three wars in 70 years.
but china does have a case to answer.
most people didn't have them.
governments fear that they will lose credibility with financial markets.
most of these men showed pathological behavior towards women.
but governments also have an important role to play.
but clinton isn’t about to make sanders him running mate.
this threatens to aggravate the damaging contraction of global trade.
tuck’s historical analysis is correct.
but today this approach is environmentally and socially unacceptable.
in 2011, far too many kids were still dying.
in the meantime, it has a choice to make.
but even these calculations are based on unrealistic assumptions.
different policies benefit and hurt different groups.
such programs have intuitive appeal.
the west has broadly welcomed russia’s new line.
kennedy to defuse the threat in cuba.
the transaction was unusual in at least one respect.
progress is being made in some agencies.
the president’s statement was unexpected.
but, in part, they just value the status itself.
some speak glibly of deporting them to bangladesh.
more flexibility would help attain more balanced and sustainable growth.
but this holiday from history has ended.
here, the main focus will be north korea.
there are potentially many answers to these questions.
it was this failure that brought hamas to power.
today, however, currency depreciation is a zero-sum game.
a nuclear south korea?
but expansion is europe’s destiny, never mind high unemployment (i.e.
sustainable development is a generational challenge, not a short-term task.
decoupling was not an option.
voters showed their gratitude by crushing john major.
ultimately, however, the us remains key.
alas, that did not happen.
according to a 2003 report, conditions have worsened since dr.
it must not be wasted.
yet georgia’s president remains in power.
schools, which should have been sanctuaries, have become military targets.
these are not isolated examples.
it pays to think before acting.
watch out, trans-dniestr.
russia, it is widely believed, can rely on domestic capital.
but these are not likely to be the decisive considerations.
the comparison, seemingly outrageous, was not entirely wrong.
in the american midwest, there has lately been massive flooding.
the situation in the corporate sector is mixed.
world leaders were quick to condemn qaddafi’s actions.
there are, of course, other amusing anecdotes.
in europe’s case, two contrasting explanations exist.
in lieu of effective treatments, controlling the spread of c.
auris becomes all the more critical.
she cannot command.
unfortunately, what is being offered isn’t nearly enough.
she insisted that it would not.
she showed concern for the humanitarian plight of gaza’s residents.
it is not something manufactured by thaksin.
every dollar spent would generate returns to haiti worth $17.
charitable trust model .
there are no easy mechanics at work here.
the eu is not simply a club of friends.
the second front page is from saturday, january 15, 2011.
but national efforts alone are not enough.
but she ended up offering a fudge.
at times yeltsin does play the democrat.
what impact will it have on america’s involvement in afghanistan?
the belgians were particularly brutal in congo.
abdul nour moves in hers usual circles unmolested.
they wanted to protect israel from saddam.
that is not necessarily the case.
knocking down a few statues will not solve this problem.
in part, china is a vibrant capitalist economy.
the emerging world, meanwhile, is experiencing a sharp economic slowdown.
recent events in washington have been less than reassuring.
following devaluation and default, argentina experienced a spectacular recovery.
the us has effectively frozen participation in the deal.
in ancient greek and roman medicine, prevention was key.
for example, president george h.w.
political paralysis also contributed to the lack of structural change.
that will not be easy.
– has its fervent defenders.
by age 45, just 9% are left.
melbourne – all the world hates a hypocrite.
his admiration for vladimir putin, russia’s authoritarian leader, is alarming.
of course, the output gap is difficult to compute.
even after that election, compromise may not come easily.
in imperial china, this meant confucian orthodoxy.
now the day of reckoning looms.
a second imf accounting distortion involves stabilization funds.
it was the red army’s biggest defeat.
this gives them several advantages.
others factors had to do more with the liberal side.
that warning has already proved to be correct.
he may even lose his majority in congress.
this trend will continue for the foreseeable future.
but there is a hitch.
he might yet be proven right.
in each case, patel succeeded.
general mills was at the bottom of the ranking.
she embodies the globalist elite.
total war means total employment.
technically, she didn’t have to.
but outsiders can help.
the us has been short-changing infrastructure for years.
some of his critics go further than that.
chinese consumers will also benefit.
now, china is rapidly approaching a similar configuration.
policy continuity eased this change of regime.
both income and college graduation levels match the national norms.
patriotism could generate business opportunities.
during zuma’s tenure, however, that euphoria evaporated.
millions more suffer from exposure-related diseases.
politics is not always kind to good candidates.
local economic change has been equally dramatic.
it is by far the largest country in the world.
it possessed no relevant intelligence.
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond hers country’s borders.
these questions are key to the european predicament.
newark, nj – plastics are everywhere.
replicating the syrian government’s curriculum will not be helpful.
many simply don’t reply at all.
the world bank has reached a critical juncture.
ukrainians are not wrong to be optimistic.
how far can it go?
yet the opposite is likely to be true.
now france is making waves.
silicon valley and microsoft are both on the west coast.
but we are facing a looming challenge.
such misunderstandings could be deeply problematic for the economy.
trump is america’s president, but he is not america.
a more distorted economy is not a healthy economy.
international poverty goals must include tobacco control.
i may be one of the only china optimists left.
even among the sunnis and shias there are further divisions.
iraq is not susceptible to a military solution.
most british people, incidentally, now hold the same view.
still, the liikanen and uk designs are not identical.
last year's bright hopes for an economic upturn have vanished.
haider once praised the employment practices of hitler’s third reich.
france has always been a nation of sharp divisions.
but in the mid-1990s governorships became elected offices.
people are more impatient than ever.
in short, the system is still incipient.
the third major barrier to internet adoption is user capability.
so america needs europe, but now at the margins.
the majority just happen to be of the left.
democracy demands no less.
these 401k plans are employer-sponsored and employer-managed.
protecting children from early deaths begins before they are born.
he spoke french with me.
in any case, china is not letting up.
so early fiscal consolidation can be expansionary on balance.
all are far poorer than the eu average.
such efforts are getting discretely underway.
consider the middle east.
even among women’s groups, however, mothers have a special place.
in areas like defense, the revolving door moves swiftly.
cash transfers are an interesting case.
since the global economic crisis, youth unemployment has soared worldwide.
but the opposite is happening now.
to the south and the islamic world?
civil society was non-existent.
these overtures reflect russia and japan’s respective concerns about china.
the fed has printed new bank reserves with reckless abandon.
gays and other “modern” practices are rejected as self-indulgent.
pakistan is already a quasi-failed state.
uncertainty over china’s growth path is more fundamental.
but addressing this problem will not be easy.
but that is not to say we should avoid self-criticism.
president yeltsin is ill and erratic.
there was no shortage of reasons for this.
unfortunately, economists are rarely humble, especially in public.
but no one should expect to strike solar gold.
many people in africa and beyond share this view.
are these economically sensible actions?
the first truly post-pinochet-era government will have begun.
revolutionary islamism is undoubtedly dangerous and bloody.
this was an extraordinary premise.
but the pro-assad side has divisions of its own.
putin, too, also seems to suspect hers regime’s impotence.
villages have been emptied, women raped, non-arab men killed.
of course, not everyone in russia supports the annexation.
other stakeholders are also getting involved.
as lenders, banks lose when borrowers default.
unfortunately, the problem cannot be left to the markets.
and if given the opportunity, they can even thrive.
november 2020 is still a long way off.
yes, they pushed their firms toward global markets.
those inputs came largely from developing economies, especially in asia.
for islam, that step has been far more difficult.
even the most informed patients misuse these wonder drugs.
older citizens’ substantial savings make them amenable to economic torpor.
so why today’s outbreak of political machismo?
in some ways, this blurring benefits the marginalized.
have you been “scooped”?
in earlier years, dr.
this must be wrong for moral and even practical reasons.
indeed, the original electoral script was a one-act, one-star play.
too often, laws ensuring internet freedom are ignored or bent.
finding the right mix will not be easy.
here there is an obvious link with north korea.
reactionary french intellectuals dreamed of reinvigorating the nation.
as a result, non-standard measures must satisfy five conditions.
but have we taken the emphasis on citation too far?
and what is built should not be destroyed.
but rachman’s alarmism is misplaced.
the dollar’s last days?
such claims merit close scrutiny.
the long-term inflation outlook might be somewhat more uncertain today.
trade policy should support, not undermine, these countries’ ambitions.
in recent decades, many of asia’s economies have boomed.
they may do so again.
it benefits both sides.
will its recent presidential election continue that tradition?
such things were just a fact of life in nigeria.
trump’s republican supporters deny that she is a racist.
what african farmer, despite hers lower initial costs, can compete?
yet few outside central asia have heard much about it.
unfortunately, germany’s domestic politics just got trickier.
its weaknesses existed in victory, too, but were overlooked.
not surprisingly, populism is on the rise.
so this is a dire situation.
consider the scale of what is now happening.
but politicians are averse to academic advice.
twilight has come,” she warned.
to be sure, china’s situation is more extreme than japan’s.
the israelis refused; another impasse was reached.
the effect is direct when it comes to oil prices.
denver – syria is being wracked by two wars.
it isn’t neat, but it is necessary.
the stakes are high.
there are also political motivations at play.
the protocol is not a perfect instrument.
of course, there is no one-size-fits-all solution.
then there is the nuclear component of the challenge.
that instinct must be resisted.
the trouble is the rhetoric surrounding his proposals.
and recent sanctions have only worsened conditions.
the issue is not greece.
the fund does well to reflect on its errors.
the first has just begun.
and that is the tragedy of europe.
consulting the public is a good thing to do.
this system is fantastic.
typically, however, this type of aid declines very rapidly.
likewise, many brits are now more confident about the future.
take cowen’s response to losing hers bet with caplan.
no one denies that africa has many problems.
such flaws are often the basis of cyber weapons.
obama has the right vision.
cano’s death is a welcome blow to the farc.
but that has not stopped the authorities from trying.
leaders must inevitably contend with difficult tradeoffs.
when may any of this happen?
part of the problem is these drugs’ unique importance.
human well-being depends on their integration.
beyond economics, khamenei has an emotional attachment to egypt.
older iranians, however, might not be so forgiving.
wages so far have responded slowly to lower unemployment.
it is not just criminals who live in constant dread.
and yet few are.
third, emerging economies must further rebalance their sources of growth.
india can handle the anticipated drop off.
the debate about the american elections has still not abated.
she offered no evidence of specific misdeeds.
national leagues are similar.
since 1981, no poll favorite has won the presidency.
looming over them both is the country’s relationship with russia.
but what has this to do with brexit?
it is likely that these projections are unrealistic.
but creating such structures is only the first step.
· ortega cannot win in the first round.
labor costs grew much faster than for most competitors.
the eu needs to distinguish between core and peripheral priorities.
it is this unease that huntington taps.
doing nothing seems the safer bet.
still, i say let’s give g-8 movie night a chance.
what's wrong with europe's right?
apparently, the bond markets did not agree.
obviously that arrangement must be extended.
diplomatic blackmailing is not confined to the economy.
holders of us treasury bonds would begin to think twice.
the payoff is still too uncertain.
this is what has happened to argentina.
will the imf lose ukraine?
after the war, there were two responses.
to be sure, obstacles remain.
emerging economies have also benefited from access to cheap capital.
it is not an impossible challenge.
the fourth priority is to leverage the private sector.
economists have a name for this: the principal-agent problem.
yes, these are relevant matters for german voters.
when an irate british writer, e.e.
sometimes body language is hard to get right.
but i would go even further.
there are reasons to worry.
whatever happens, the need to tackle corruption is undeniable.
we may therefore see less chinese bri triumphalism in 2019.
so the issue of price stabilization has not gone away.
that meant diminishing upward pressure on the renminbi’s exchange rate.
what motivates people to write poems, paint, or sing?
but risks remain.
smith 42 or already 43?
no team can operate effectively, however, without a good coach.
but europe has troubles of its own.
simply trusting the kremlin's “goodwill" would be reckless.
it will not.
ahmad, the boy, has not attended school for a year.
the two messages are, of course, complementary.
hungary is the region's single worst performer.
this militates against truthful recall and favors confabulation.
nevertheless, public-opinion polls still show broad backing for calderón’s strategy.
what role for the state?
so why not make similar overtures to other asean states?
one reason might be the sexual-misconduct charges against assange.
of course, a deteriorating economy is not exclusive to colombia.
but that is not why they do it.
modi’s government has given them an additional casus belli.
does being anti-american excuse all sins and justify all friendships?
all of these steps require long-recommended changes in human behavior.
china prefers an imperfect status quo to such alternatives.
i’m looking at you, davos man.
but it occurred curiously without rancor toward britain.
much the same is true within countries.
he thinks banks are still dangerously unstable.
this time, they hold the better cards.
why would she not seize this chance?
washington, dc – the devil is always in the details.
america and britain are drowning in debt.
in that case, australia’s per capita contribution ranks 71st worldwide.
yet new challenges loom.
but this “gentler” touch should fool no one.
this is a tall order, especially for brazil.
this was the case in the us.
solzhenitsyn was used in this way twice.
this political strategy is undoubtedly effective.
these innovations were considered technical successes.
but this approach risks leading in the wrong direction.
fourth, the crises in some fragile emerging markets may worsen.
or the reverse?
london – it is starting to look like a pattern.
this is why the government wants to intervene.
ordinary workers have no choice but to pay their taxes.
is this reasonable?
maybe, but not soon.
multiplied through an entire watershed, the impact is magnified.
the united kingdom is likely to follow.
the outcry from a betrayed west was loud and visceral.
the public-health successes can now be seen on many fronts.
this implied that they had to rescue these siv’s.
but did it cure the underlying problem?
meanwhile, industrial countries’ overall debt/gdp ratios are continuing to grow.
yet there is cause for hope.
consider the following counterfactual history.
food was hard to find.
and “green” consumer goods are becoming ever more competitive.
economic historians, notably michael a.
syria’s economy is a rust pile.
can a bureaucratic report – however powerful – create change?
fossil-fuel subsidies have the opposite effect.
on the contrary, austerity will only exacerbate the economic slowdown.
ever closer union or common market?
caveat emptor .
to be sure, serious mistakes were made.
finally, the eu should work to francoize belarus.
in short, china can afford the costs of rebalancing.
washington, dc – name the country.
it is this vital multilateral ethos that europe must champion.
as markus k.
as a result, citizens’ livelihoods have suffered.
with such a powerful mandate, there can be no excuses.
germany is determined to resist any debt write-offs.
osama bin laden is nowhere to be found.
- is the bottom near or can things get worse?
in france, this intensity is particularly visible within socialist ranks.
“colleges” of regulators, the supposed solution, are inadequate.
in that case, my advice to him is simple.
these need to adapt, too.
and so it was.
in a global race, one cannot stand still.
should we take this 7% target seriously?
but the outlook is not much better for germany.
but that deal now appears to be collapsing.
distance is shrinking.
but its occurrence was a growing possibility for months.
where does it originate and where does it go?
some 3,000 people die on the world’s roads every day.
in fact, he has chosen the only possible way forward.
this is certainly puzzling.
what counts is relative size, not net trade flows.
another indirect effect stems from expectations about the future.
rather, he was calling for a stronger europe.
hers is a great and dangerous gift.
this is haiti’s moment.
power arises from asymmetries in interdependence.
the new german law makes such tests a crime.
the winner was greta thunberg, the 16-year-old swedish climate-change campaigner.
as the pianists would say: stay tuned!
corruption is rife.
this question results from several changes.
chinese bicycle-sharing apps are now being copied in advanced economies.
the blue-bonds scheme just might.
other multilateral organizations will also need to rethink their strategies.
but steps can be taken.
former us president george w.
but none of them was part of the nuclear deal.
a reversal of the exit process is now highly improbable.
this is hardly an inconsequential development.
so those in power try to muffle the news media.
one afrikaner leader, f.w.
let us return to sedgwick’s question.
even google’s search engine is not immune.
indeed, the us has an obesity epidemic in six-month-olds.
chinese and indian migrations did not stop.
the current slates of candidates is wanting in this regard.
true, she provoked party bosses by hers often unorthodox approach.
developing complex, vibrant plumage demands significant energy and genetic resources.
a large, newly influential constituency should be welcomed.
the first are economic.
why are these trajectories so different?
but so will security reforms.
the eu cannot, of course, openly do that.
japan ought to speak up and say this.
this would represent a major shift.
but it is also of secondary importance.
the imf does not always get it right.
again, there is some truth to this.
why are savings patterns so different?
it is reasonable behavior in the face of uncertainty.
for voters, however, a perception of fragility remains.
eleven other states are developing waiver proposals.
sea levels are rising.
melbourne – is israel’s military action in gaza morally defensible?
the rest of us should encourage this approach.
public-sector pensions are a good example.
other predictions of the new “digital society” were equally off-base.
what is most needed is consistent and stable macroeconomic management.
it only masks their effects.
evo’s political prospects look grim.
but that reshuffling could lead to a number of outcomes.
unfortunately, his request was largely ignored.
so, overall, how fragile are emerging markets?
both are great deals.
we can learn from both experiences.
until recently, public debt was considered the ultimate safe asset.
and steady people help governments to steady themselves.
with his speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
eventually, stock prices do reflect the fundamentals of the economy.
it will eventually happen.
second, china needs to change its economic model.
of course, he is free to do otherwise.
of course, investing in stocks is not a bad thing.
only a game, you say?
but brexit will of course have far-reaching political consequences, too.
a good-jobs strategy could be introduced in four steps.
was killing bin laden a mistake?
as in japan, these older citizens have ample savings.
this narrow focus makes the debate unconstructive.
but even in an organism as simple as c.
good rules can help stabilize markets.
the point is that bilateral trade balances have little meaning.
a tariff-by-tariff approach could take a year.
we see aerial photos of the aral sea drying up.
this fear may now ease.
but the indirect impact can be nastier.
signs of hope and progress abound.
the obama administration should think hard about security council reform.
more such initiatives are needed – and quickly.
just as mr.
one such area is non-proliferation and disarmament.
is it because they are cold-blooded and covered in scales?
this futile approach will produce only pseudo-solutions – or worse.
if so, china is making a serious miscalculation.
or that one, who’s given up hope?
the global configuration of america’s military is also changing.
to paint the extremes, there are two possibilities.
women’s economic marginalization is a problem for everyone.
india has always been reluctant to preach democracy to others.
not even close.
blame the economists?
the same cannot be said for the kremlin.
a striking feature of this drive is its moralizing tone.
this is where institutions play a crucial role.
this time, however, we are determined not to slip up.
poverty is an intrinsically dynamic phenomenon.
indeed, agreement on a bilateral cease-fire is expected before april.
how can america change pakistani behavior?
now we need to implement it fully.
americans and chinese must avoid such exaggerated fears.
it was damned close.
already, €200 billion of eib bonds are available.
he is beautiful, energetic, resolute, and in many ways surprising.
this is not true of the bottom 30.
restorative justice is hopeful.
russia is moving toward precipice.
altering this trajectory calls for two types of response.
the brexit impasse is a lesson for us all.
the united nations is torn apart by internal tensions.
washington, dc – even skeptics admit it: effective aid works.
last is the question of scope and ambition.
hard-won reputations have been quickly lost.
of course, formidable obstacles lie ahead for china.
those elections would have been unthinkable in nazi germany.
education is central here.
if most investors accept this offer, the restructuring occurs successfully.
mubarak’s succession is being conducted in an especially sophisticated manner.
this should not be the case.
that’s all good, but the eu needs to be quicker.
it has done so, with spectacular success.
the third is pachinko.
let’s hope so.
so, why is the ecb set on a tougher course?
other senior libyan officials suffer from the same managerial torpor.
china does not yet appear ready to change its approach.
how does something work?
but calderón doesn’t want american aid on american terms.
despite these setbacks, the debate benefited china's intellectual climate.
that is one source of american exceptionalism.
why this disappointment?
europe’s two futures
what’s wrong with labor markets?
she is well-educated and experienced in international affairs.
this would not be the appropriate solution.
the comprehensive, multi-faceted nature of our approach was novel.
consider an example from a century ago.
a satisfactory resolution of the current conflict requires nothing less.
instead, they have remained preoccupied with politics.
nothing comparable was done by any of the anti-racists.
like china, india’s economic-growth momentum is ebbing.
many of the world’s governments are stamping out press freedom.
but it is germany’s problem, first and foremost.
but global responses remain inadequate.
but this seems mostly to be wishful thinking.
and its support for research is not unique.
yet us lawmakers are already forgetting its lessons.
and in st.
it has remained at peace, despite regional wars.
fortunately, there is also precedent for escaping populist takeovers.
and no environmental damage has been detected.
such reforms, though feasible, i confess are unlikely.
of course, this was not to be.
consider, for example, hurricanes in america.
the risk now is a relapse into reform fatigue.
turkey and europe: two trains on a collision course?
yet, the rhetoric is unconvincing.
there will be – must be – many losers.
greece’s situation, by contrast, is all too familiar.
in earlier years, dr.
but amlo seems highly unlikely to consider this option.
it was germany’s happiest hour.
london – we live in a politically turbulent age.
the democratic world needs macron to succeed.
to manage ever-growing interdependence, new international institutions were developed.
but a manufacturing boom will not happen by itself.
no american diplomat has been stationed in tehran since.
some in linyi alleged degrading treatment, torture, and extortion.
still, i am not complacent.
with influence must come accountability.
when it comes to formal institutions, men simply take over.
egypt also worries about a possible hamas-fatah civil war.
this presents xi with a real challenge.
the third lesson is to finish the job.
journalists compete for scoops on the most important breakthroughs.
to succeed, however, several obstacles must be overcome.
some important questions remain.
voters believed him in droves.
the crisis is not new.
but special cases have a habit of multiplying.
a more sophisticated approach is required.
this model is not out of reach.
peña nieto faced serious challenges.
warmer, wetter weather will improve conditions for the malaria parasite.
evolution, if attainable, is clearly preferable.
vaccine technology has leaped forward in the past decade.
we take change for granted.
“they should just leave us alone,” one man told me.
otherwise, egyptians’ hard-won political gains may well be lost.
the role of ggfs will only grow.
they take their theories too seriously.
why has she ignored these problems?
perhaps there are two.
but this might not turn out to be the case.
the diet’s role was merely pro forma.
there are also fears of methane leaks and induced seismicity.
moreover, labor-intensive (i.e.
it might even yield a positive return.
this scheme wouldn’t solve all of asia’s problems.
only a miracle can save him.
but here, too, the research has been unpersuasive.
cultivating high expectations without progress could even be dangerous.
there is a further complication arising from brexit.
today, it is the aegean.
but what happens if we refuse to accept germany’s position?
second, many of today’s protesters are young.
these policies are ultimately self-defeating.
london – the term “arab spring” is already highly disputed.
but we would be missing a great opportunity.
curiously, mccain may have more room for maneuver.
again, trade policy is largely irrelevant to the outcome.
but what does small-s solidarity mean in practical terms?
germany is the main supporter of the spitzenkandidat system.
by contrast, refining evaluation systems holds far more promise.
it seems to mark humanity’s retreat into infantilism.
stability throughout central asia is a priority of both governments.
output collapsed and unemployment soared.
a showdown also looms over tax policy.
can strong religious faith coexist with such pluralism?
cape town – digital technology is revolutionizing our daily lives.
nevertheless, the public still believed in perpetual growth.
but this misses half the story.
there are several good reasons for this.
unfortunately, the leading federal government officials remain in denial.
this rapidly changed after last september 11th.
one possible reason is personal pride.
western universities can hostess more students and faculty.
since september 2001, the cause for concern has grown dramatically.
even the ecb’s support is not obvious.
many are unfounded or even baseless.
a similar scenario is already unfolding in iraq.
the second is ideology.
bad loans worsened the balance sheets of the asian banks.
that logic is now in question.
preying on pensions?
in the meantime, italy is sinking.
in june, speaking at the st.
she needs to be bold.
cambodians have suffered a brutal political clampdown.
then, to the surprise even of scientists, it stopped.
on afghanistan, neither obama nor hers predecessor, george w.
otherwise, such doctrines lose their relevance.
the us has long had a federal system.
the british economy is currently contracting.
many were uncertain.
what’s not to like?
paris – it was not supposed to happen like this.
the bolivian military arrested no one.
but it will not last forever.
is europe bound for a similar fate?
but how can this be achieved?
everyday, nearly 100 children die from hunger and preventable diseases.
now, rajapaksa is accusing sirisena of granting china undue concessions.
social protection is more efficient than protectionism.
their issuers are often anonymous and untraceable.
karwah was a hero who met a tragic end.
moreover, there were real surprises.
every aspect of the war strategy has failed.
the problem is how to respond.
so how are we going about it in the uae?
today’s russian propaganda combines quintessentially soviet-style heavy-handedness and state-of-the-art technique.
and the dispute may be set to escalate.
but tax competition should concern economic liberals.
africans can start winning only if they move faster.
as technology continues to advance, these threats will only grow.
how can the world manage a “rogue” us?
but no serious disarmament negotiations have been pursued since.
this model cannot be described as inter-governmental.
state-owned enterprises must be reined in.
create conditions for macroeconomic adjustment.
our planet is approaching, and even exceeding, scientific tipping points.
its dilemma is stark.
this would be a strong incentive to go to geneva.
this is the best initial response to trump’s economic attacks.
the us does labor market policy the right way.
the answer is none of the above.
i know that, too.
the situation is far from hopeless.
germany has room for fiscal maneuver.
but there is no guarantee that this will happen.
the “kurdish question,” too, has returned to the fore.
difference in evaluations is approximately 20%.
nor should it be restricted to hierarchical bureaucratic organizations.
this time, it seems to have gotten an early start.
the relentless election cycle would come to an end.
to start with, the private sector is doing well.
it is difficult to overstate the significance of the occasion.
movement into a political force in 2017.
and that is exactly the point.
what kind of society do we want to live in?
in the agreement hammered out by mr.
deng and mr.
but its economic competitiveness is another story.
soft power rests on attraction rather than coercion or payment.
but now the heroine has fallen.
but none of these measures will be enough.
but there is hope.
but, beyond such theoretical objectives, lay the operation’s practical realities.
on current trends, this would take just 12-20 years.
true, government infrastructure spending is often wasted.
the fall of netanyahu?
even in nation-states, this is not always self-evident.
the region is now america’s top foreign-policy priority.
“find me another 100 votes in congress,” she said.
there are also indications that china’s foreign policy is evolving.
policymakers need to stay ahead of these sharing-economy trends.
caution is in the air.
those who took to the streets?
trade’s relationship with poverty is variable and complex.
but an interventionist policy has its dissenters.
that question looms large in many conversations these days.
in that case, additional equivalence agreements are likely to follow.
the claims against luzhkov were even more monstrous .
first, the name of russia's next president is now known.
the promise was not lost on the national government.
china has reached a moment of significant uncertainty.
but here in bahrain, the situation is different.
it may also be too late for saudi arabia.
some 82% of venezuelans are now impoverished.
but distinctions must be made.
how sick is nigerian president umaru yar’adua?
global problems are hard to solve.
to be sure, we could have handled that confrontation better.
then, as so often happens, events intervened.
kim is hardly likely to understand this dynamic.
second, men need equal rights to land.
this is a tricky business.
but who are those villains dressed in black?
nor should it be.
but other things matter, too, such as cultural chauvinism.
within a few weeks, she won--and paid no legal fees.
ruble is shit.
today, however, the british economy is facing serious risks.
its economy was growing at a record 8.5% annual rate.
many who were married off may never escape captivity.
europeans tend to prefer vacations over growth.
many governments tried stimulus spending after the 2008 financial crisis.
but we are not facing the end of the world.
but none of that is good enough.
so he has turned to china for advice.
why fix what is not broken?
how then to think ahead?
dibarboure’s concept relies on neither elections nor referenda.
is europe ready for a trade war?
i doubt it.
policy measures that cultivate traditional role patterns should be abolished.
it is difficult to know what dr.
the eurozone crisis has weakened europe’s complex system of governance.
bush, especially when it came to foreign policy.
taiwan has its own domestic constituencies that need stroking.
this is a time for bold action, not incrementalism.
the financial industry’s active involvement is urgently needed.
since then, however, progress has stalled.
but it must have the right focus.
like the lebanese, iraqis have suffered enough.
this is an invaluable asset.
the problems with the ecb’s current policy approach are serious.
sober-minded politician also accept this.
there are no safeguards, no plans, no roadmap – nothing.
our partners believe that, given time, this agenda will work.
china’s economy may be decelerating, but its prospects remain strong.
facts have changed in two significant ways.
what economies need instead is a boost in dynamism.
otherwise, globalization’s storyline may not proceed according to the script.
in effect, the poor are aiding the rich.
what will such a world look like?
because of the mess mrs.
yet they fail to note these risks.
japan has other lessons to teach as well.
this brings us to the intellectual challenge of superconductors.
is there a chance of either happening?
there is some good news.
by june 2006, this effort was paying off.
yet research on solar geoengineering is highly controversial.
pure nonsense, of course.
even former creditors benefited from this rebound.
i believe the answer is yes.
radical islamism offered him a ready-made cause to die for.
to all of this, i say: dream on.
for these parents, schooling is a source of hope.
negotiations over the banking union could collapse.
but it appreciated 37% in the subsequent decade.
facebook decides what to show you.
the government must reform social welfare and pensions.
but they also imply less obvious costs.
the first is demography.
a new tang dynasty?
at this point, nothing less can save the common currency.
japan has returned to negative territory.
but one “structural” consideration is not well understood.
the baby was dying of aids.
closing the infrastructure gap will undoubtedly be challenging.
it also means holding media owners accountable.
still, africans cannot face down this threat alone.
yet, even in egypt, the challenges are enormous.
stable markets need stable policy transitions.
crises were no longer moderate.
several factors have diminished investors’ willingness to extend long-term credit.
similar scripts are playing out around the world.
these exercises re-affirmed nato’s seriousness about defending its eastern members.
this is understandable, but it misses a basic point.
here, the us is a case in point.
the rewards of such efforts would be enormous.
“no one had done that before in finland,” he recalls.
twilight has come,” he warned.
purdue also offered them paid speaking engagements.
his opponent received 44%.
nasa itself is a typical large organization.
the list goes on.
we must now make a dash toward the goal line.
the situation now is even more dangerous than before.
putin’s intolerance of dissent is becoming ever more sinister.
as always, proof will come only with implementation.
moreover, the patient is far from cured.
historically, most jews, living in poor villages, were neither.
they still do.
that is the real way to help fight climate change.
norway’s “temporary” eea membership has now stretched to 23 years.
she was not alone in this rhetoric.
first, no one should underestimate the next us president.
the reasons for high youth unemployment are well known.
if they grow and spread, africa’s fortunes could brighten considerably.
the killings must be proportionate, strategically necessary, and publicly justified.
basques, catalans, walloons, scots, bretons, etc.
are no less regionalist today than yesterday.
oil production is stalling, and unemployment is expected to skyrocket.
syria is a case in point.
this dream destroyed generations of victims.
changes can always be proposed after a decent interval passes.
why do so many people continue smoking?
but there are limits to imitation.
one way to do this is to understand china’s motives.
but, ironically, this apparent strength is trump’s fatal weakness.
haiti was in dire straits even before the earthquake struck.
new regulations are constantly being introduced.
but the controversy threatens to disrupt the april 2 meeting.
their ideas were hardly original.
the results have not been encouraging.
too many political leaders, including president george w.
so india turned 180 degrees.
the result will be a safer financial world.
that outcome would be applauded around the world.
but this is the time for strong contingency plans.
why are services so important for china’s rebalancing?
they are all capable managers and highly trained technocrats.
let all men be sashas and all women natashas.
none of these claims was true.
the us ambassador to egypt, anne w.
a pacifist streak of values is also unmistakable in europe.
nor does faith have to be in a supernatural being.
to neglect this window of opportunity would be tragic.
other countries have gone through similar experiences.
today, india can do no right.
so how can this self-destruction be stopped?
if implemented, his innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
so it is better not to make promises.
a unilateral default, one hopes, will not be necessary.
- trickle-down economics almost never works.
but that mission now seems lost in america.
but geopolitical risks are continuing to proliferate.
but capitalism is also cruel.
of course, the big test lies ahead in afghanistan.
foreboding is in order.
but indoor air pollution poses a much greater environmental problem.
there were other extraordinary moments onstage.
will this eventually lead to collective social unrest?
capital flight accelerated.
the new york times movie critic a.o.
scott wrote an interesting article about this.
and the gap with students elsewhere is widening.
the alibis for failure are also already prepared.
it won’t take 20 years to find out.
the challenge is certainly daunting.
my right gives me a choice.
bush and barack obama.
china needs to stop accumulating foreign-exchange reserves.
is it to curb weapons of mass destruction?
but the process cannot be rushed.
neither did australia.
inevitably, there are problems.
individually rational behavior is often collectively suicidal.
more are waiting to do so.
progress will require strategic vision, political will, and effective execution.
they become soccer widows, as their wives flock to bars.
what happens on the bosphorus affects us all.
every dollar spent yields $43 of social good.
the european union’s “neighborhood policy” has also helped.
but looks deceive.
it is a glorious welcome, even in fog.
nato is still nice to have around.
people take such codes seriously.
in britain, the thatcher government decoupled entitlements from current wages.
moreover, capitalism itself is feeling pressure in every direction.
the baltic states are also planning their own offshore grid.
but what about france?
there is no easy answer to the predicament.
but we should curb our euphoria.
but such “wealth effects” and “animal spirits” proved quite feeble.
the siege of sarajevo was lifted the next day.
the world cannot afford a nuclear-armed iran.
its very credibility is on the line.
australians deserve better than this.
but keeping them will not be easy.
it is honest realism, as britain is now re-discovering.
but, whatever happens, the party is over.
but is it?
what other exit strategy can it devise?
all told, the various reforms have had few discernible results.
this is a crucial fourth ingredient.
bosnia the answer to nato’s prayers?
the crisis has revealed how demanding globalization’s political prerequisites are.
brazil and russia are in recession.
to them, the queen seems almost anti-dutch.
a provocative analogy, but is it apt?
warsaw – donald trump came, he saw, he conned.
but farmers have a choice.
liquidity is just a nice-sounding word to interpret this phenomenon.
what does westernization mean?
this is important progress.
the first is banking and finance.
there was no shortage of privately contracted surveillance and wiretapping.
that tactic may be working.
not all of the consequences were disastrous.
a life of work robs children of all three.
deception might be a source of comfort.
trafficking in illicit narcotics remains illegal.
this highlights the real deception by both sides.
worse still, it has fed their opponents’ narrative.
third, the balkans.
hayekians have nothing sensible to contribute.
it is a matter both of incentives and social justice.
it was a happy equilibrium that could last indefinitely.
in its absence, bias and populism prevail.
but the reforms have also faced stiff opposition.
but america today appears less safe.
the eu’s trade partners make several valid arguments.
when central banks go green
perhaps these optimists are right.
but now such voices are rarely heard.
that’s a deal that even trump could get behind.
there is nothing strange in this.
in his 2000 presidential bid, george w.
it is necessary to look at the bigger picture.
so, in which areas must germany lead?
paris – france is in disarray.
the tragedy invokes a slew of memories.
he had a point.
a witch hunt is under way against opposition politicians.
systemic risk is intrinsic to globalization.
first, it is simply not possible to outsource everything.
each situation needs to be judged on its merits.
clearly, a new approach is needed.
in fact, we should be moving in the opposite direction.
but neither provision belongs in the constitution.
there is no silver bullet for sustainable development.
we had a military deadlock.
south africans are ready for new leadership.
but no country should be complacent.
unfortunately, the conventional post-mortem on lehman is wishful thinking.
asia and europe have been well served by economic globalization.
maybe we'd be better off without these gadgets.
indian women have heard it all their lives.
but the chinese government’s resistance was both understandable and inevitable.
a new obama had appeared.
if current trends continue, it will only get worse.
we are not producing enough coders and digital gurus.
some governments are already making improvements to their laws.
since james d.
pharmaceutical companies ignore that at their peril.
we are entering a very dangerous period of politics.
the divide is physical, not just mental.
in the end, he may have no choice.
for the perpetrator is a member of all these communities.
history, of course, never repeats itself exactly.
a total collapse of religious norms would truly be destabilizing.
beyond blame, populist ideology relies heavily on nostalgia.
yesterday, intelligence without power led to immense suffering.
now the g-8 will discuss funding for palliative measures.
why has this popular nationalism emerged?
there was silence, perhaps from shock, onstage.
khamenei has led the charge against rouhani’s record on jobs.
consider the state of the kenyan budget.
their journey was not uncommon, nor was it discouraged.
verbal threats, for example, are both intangible and coercive.
what does it mean to resort to the icsid?
she may actually believe this.
sensible, kind, but no pushover.
what did he hope to accomplish in tehran?
netanyahu has made iran’s nuclear program hers highest foreign-policy priority.
naturally, many join radical causes.
it is a much more varied continent.
yet that is essentially what has happened.
“i had no idea then and now,” he replied.
the gender gap in schooling remains a concern.
and early signals from the macron administration are disquieting.
this paradox is not limited to ji.
wolfgang schäuble, meet ted cruz.
this outcome is likely, but it is not certain.
like many sunnis, rural alawites remain poor.
today, it is 150 times higher.
of course, a cosmopolitan class is hardly new.
these are insider code words that did not emerge accidentally.
the bond markets will demand quick and effective action.
to be sure, some high-potential approaches are already apparent.
trade policy is an obvious and essential case in point.
today, he has much more competition.
these data highlight two vital weaknesses in european firms.
but answers to this problem are close to hand.
yet such a tax won’t fly easily.
studies seem to confirm this.
and the post-referendum turmoil runs deeper.
it was the deadliest migrant-ship disaster ever recorded.
but was it really good fortune?
hence, the mumbai industrialists’ club used to be inherently protectionist.
and this potential is far from exhausted.
so deng fed zhao to the party’s more conservative lions.
of course, it is dangerous to idealize the scandinavian model.
this very doctrine left europe exposed.
but it did not remove america's vulnerability to terrorism.
consider job security.
but size is not the only problem.
caracas – fish do not know they are in water.
the ability to organize via the web is mind boggling.
yes, there are many radicals and hardliners in tehran.
what is the third way?
but reality is more cruel.
are chinese enterprises being taxed to death?
more important, who would want it to work?
more than 200,000 young people enter the labor market annually.
this is far from accurate.
pelosi has appeared unconcerned with that question.
pamuk faces three years in prison.
the 2008 financial crisis produced a similar loss of confidence.
but more steps are needed.
global health presents a different set of challenges.
i can think of at least two reasons.
as the story spreads, it grows darker.
colonies were short on expertise.
though the war brought putin popularity, it weakened hers position.
one europe in pursuit of freedom, security and justice.
health-care costs could drive fiscal deficits up further.
regulatory consistency between the eu and the cptpp countries.
it backs the ethiopian army in somalia.
by contrast, such us securities are like a lottery ticket.
under hensarling’s plan, they would not.
more than the usual “blame game” is at work here.
globally, india is part of a dwindling minority.
how did royal rise so far and so fast?
i don’t think so.
cambridge – while george w.
re-profiling would not be straightforward.
religion’s largest growth is in china.
stanford – well, we're in it now.
but that was last month.
both are in need of immediate treatment.
nevertheless, we can succeed.
nothing could be further from the truth.
the bigger the bubble, the greater the collapse.
on the far end of the spectrum is germany.
china's influence on north korea is uniquely powerful.
i believe that such views lack historical perspective.
three elections were held in latin america in 2011.
the result for ordinary ukrainians has been disappointing.
the security council is deadlocked.
above all, europe means peace.
large stocks of dollar-denominated debt remain a key vulnerability.
new delhi – asia’s water woes are worsening.
national service was the norm.
there are other links between inequality and growth.
he did not panic, raise him voice, or make demands.
nor is child pornography the expression of ideas.
this presents a number of obstacles.
but british beef was not safe.
therefore, new regulations should be kept to a minimum.
so far, he has faced his referendum challenge calmly.
historically, the stock market has performed well.
bush’s – has cost america the world’s trust and respect.
in fact, the germans have said so already.
for the full membership of the commission, see gias.nyu.edu/2016/04/release-global-citizenship-commission-report/.
health-care providers and first responders must receive proper training.
critics will scoff at the european bureaucracy.
he won’t make waves, but he won’t make headlines either.
the us has disbursed about $110 billion for afghan reconstruction.
and so it has been with many emerging economies.
japan today illustrates that danger.
the numbers speak for themselves.
the challenge is daunting.
hers speech was clipped, as if under continuous rigorous control.
will global imbalances return?
but this substitution cannot continue indefinitely.
this suits her well.
the european people’s party (epp) is the worst offender.
greece essentially defaulted on some obligations.
unfortunately, the continent remains split along tribal lines.
their contribution to total emissions will rise accordingly.
draghi is undoubtedly right.
the spanish and portuguese ravaged latin america.
but more must be done.
it remained entirely outside the purview of the regulators.
not long after, berta was assassinated in honduras.
the example set by industry leaders matters.
after bitcoin, the most important is ethereum.
such complacency is dangerous.
this is a needless cycle.
today, we know things that were simply unknowable back then.
this underpinned economic stability and sharply declining inequality everywhere.
the euro crisis is not over.
the two countries are complements rather than competitors.
second, transnational terrorism poses a multifaceted and fundamental danger.
this situation is untenable, both morally and politically.
wall street for president?
so morsi is juggling.
iraq fared no better with the british and americans.
has america lost its mojo?
quantitative easing has boosted asset values.
as an escape artist, indeed, it even beats brazil!
kennedy had proved a powerful truth.
it is riven with conflict.
but there are constraints on hezbollah.
with that announcement, “secondary sanctions” were born.
instead, america succumbed to the temptation of unilateralism.
that is where government procurement comes in.
as time passes, deficits accumulate.
the fed declined to regulate these dubious practices.
the time for action is now.
in fact, liberal values sometimes contradict each other.
of all european countries, that is.
first, let’s consider the physics.
greece was the most conspicuous victim of this reversal.
biofuels are not the answer, either.
karadzic was silent at first.
such concerns are understandable but manifestly exaggerated.
london – “deficits are always bad,” thunder fiscal hawks.
on balance, the impact of technological progress will be positive.
that lapse cannot be undone.
few of these ingredients exist in today’s colombia.
in 1999, the security council responded by suspending sanctions.
selection and combination of data is enough.
what bush said is of course true.
chinese fishing nets still dot the waters off kochi.
what motivated them?
the situation is certainly serious.
this, too, runs counter to the economic mainstream.
but the problem never went away.
it has the time to consider long-term issues.
but balanced school enrollment numbers are only the beginning.
descriptions of exchange-rate policies have become increasingly extreme.
we know how that plan ended.
the war for oil
but history never truly repeats itself.
operators could abandon their posts should violence encroach.
these surpluses are generated primarily within east asian production networks.
india has more than a billion people.
corruption cannot be understood without comprehending this broader institutional context.
there is a new way ahead.
this heavy-handedness of course resolved nothing.
what should economists be doing?
the doha round would then be de facto dead.
though more money is essential, it is not sufficient.
when is government debt risky?
will cryptocurrencies usurp their role as monopoly suppliers of money?
today, it’s technology, innovation, and entrepreneurship.
so opposing both entry and exit is a coherent position.
people are increasingly angry at giant corporations’ perceived monopolistic power.
and we have seen this recently in britain.
this lesson needs to be learned fast.
the education commission supports these recommendations.
this is very doubtful.
we cannot do that with national debt.
once, i urged a congressmen to repeal that statute.
but german reticence did not paralyze europe.
the state-sponsored transnational cyber threat is at two levels.
far too few governments work with their diasporas.
there will be no nazi dictatorship in america.
the latest decline has been even sharper.
even so, the new strategy has some benefits.
as former us president john f.
among those who did was osama bin laden.
then credit growth collapsed.
the world should learn from that example.
moreover, obama has started hers term in decisive fashion.
• eliminating waste.
bring it in only gradually.
hun sen’s political opponents face similar repression.
and well it should be.
they are effectively invisible as a result of poor data.
they can fight obscurantism and respect diversity.
back to utopia?
but since then the opportunity has faded.
yet the budget cutters have a fallback position.
that is a rather large caveat.
the sdgs are a huge step in that direction.
but it has neither.
voters heavily punished almost all national governments.
psychoanalysis grew into a formidable, intimidating logic.
the result was clear.
china's own economy, however, became more unbalanced.
the problem for lugar was two-fold.
but the heroes of democracy were asian, not american.
the other area is peacekeeping.
we didn’t succeed because we were geniuses.
that is not same thing.
but limited progress on this front reflects popular sentiment.
then warren hit them where it hurt.
on the contrary, until recently they were often revered.
paris – geography has dealt europe a mixed hand.
the dutch social democrats were wiped out.
rather, they indicate that there are obstacles impeding economic activity.
and political hegemony is modi’s goal.
indeed, europe’s banking and sovereign-debt problems are mutually self-reinforcing.
a train ticket costs 100 rubles.
how can this troubling trend be ameliorated?
one potential flashpoint will be north korea’s nuclear-weapons program.
the discord over migration did not originate with trump.
gligorov went on to become mrs.
macedonia in josip broz tito’s yugoslavia.
i find it wonderful that the nobel foundation chose thaler.
but a bad outcome is not inevitable.
this is partly true.
detention without trial is counterproductive in the fight against terrorism.
indeed, the revolution was never a smooth affair.
there is nothing wrong with dreaming.
nonetheless, china does need to address its domestic debt overhang.
there is no telling how far this trend will go.
discussions about the headscarf achieve the opposite.
left-leaning military officers have been on a roll lately.
but education is only part of the solution.
peace in kashmir?
and identifying causes means starting with the evidence.
but let us leave such questions aside for the moment.
that was the moment to invest in the future.
there is a need for strong anti-trust laws.
no offer of debt relief.
over two centuries, income will grow eight-fold.
there are 540 million indians under the age of 25.
but it was a pyrrhic victory.
outsourcing and intellectual property.
here is how it would work.
duhalde's government openly supports the third candidate, néstor kirchner.
but have living standards in the us raced ahead?
nevertheless, the elections represented significant progress.
london – in 2001, george w.
who is really helped by such actions?
one speaker was secretary of defense donald rumsfeld.
a major slowdown seems to be looming.
so the unraveling of multi-national states is a false path.
weak governments grow weaker by the day.
can russia be great?
unfortunately, we aren’t.
people have had a taste of politics conducted by firestorm.
in many ways, chess was russia’s national sport.
the good news is that this focus is shifting.
by 2015, deficit reduction will rely entirely on spending cuts.
in this sense, she was indeed rather chinese.
of course, much will depend on germany.
when they give way, disease, despair and death rush in.
in this sense, whatever the outcome, juliana v.
united states is just the beginning.
wikipedia has remedied many of those technical problems.
yet refusing the kremlin’s embrace is equally destructive.
of course, that old indifference was not universal.
yet, in a shocking last-minute about-face, obama declined to intervene.
beijing – china is at a crossroads.
first, he promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
emotions may not be sufficient to explain all political realities.
this is the inherent source of the system’s instability.
she recalled a very different type of person.
others suggest it plays a more modest role.
major changes are unlikely in the foreseeable future.
it should be a high priority.
china’s leaders find his language inoffensive.
the republican race, by contrast, remains wide open.
a new approach is needed.
in other words, they are guilty of indifference.
will europe’s economies regain their footing?
– can be a source of anguish and conflict.
this was " real geopolitik " in action.
it simply sought to avoid confrontation with the unions.
i believe that it is.
but, without ideals, europe's foundations will erode.
shi remains in jail to this day.
importers will protest.
finally, hysteresis further weakened actual growth.
japan is the second-largest seafood importer after the us.
china is not too big to fail.
the framework has been created.
trying times require bold action.
yet progressive economists chastise him for not doing enough.
democracy, then, may have a future after all.
thus, they should be made to pay.
pro-europeans supporting the european union’s establishment parties also lost out.
despite his political zigzags, tudor has been extremely consistent.
eight hundred million people lack basic education.
tensions rise, often accompanied by violence on the streets.
so what should polanski do?
we cannot win unless the moderates win.
the power gap
were those really better times?
radical islamism offered her a ready-made cause to die for.
undertaking such shifts will not be easy.
neighbors have not been equals so much as tributary states.
iranian authorities claimed that angry “students” spontaneously stormed the embassy.
the list goes on.
does extraordinary rendition not count as “enforced disappearance of persons”?
sadly, i do not see them being prepared.
these decisions have had devastating consequences for forty years.
consider portugal or the netherlands, not to mention spain.
but globalization does not deserve voters’ ire.
the big fish usually got away.
only the high-grade corporate sector has improved.
hegel’s phenomenology of spirit: both sides are equally bound.
what else is there to coordinate?
various studies have reached the same conclusion about analogies.
so the cause of the exploding debt lies elsewhere.
how has “abenomics” fared so far?
communism, like the horizon, was always just beyond reach.
he is right.
so, the g8 leaders are half right.
demographic changes can be equally painful for a society.
she was right to do so.
no one spoke.
the first is privatization.
these strains express themselves on policy issues.
but the insurgency seemed to have more motivation than ever.
having more women in leadership is thus good for everyone.
what happens if the outcome matches the bookies’ predictions?
genetic tests differ significantly from other clinical tests.
women, nowadays, are more likely to occupy top political jobs.
it is always us against them.
others soon followed.
thirty years ago america's president declared ``war on cancer''.
improving financial literacy would also help.
needless to say, this requires a delicate balance.
severe malnutrition in early childhood harms cognitive development.
trump’s cabinet and supreme court nominations fit this description.
someday, when he grows up, benedict jr.
he is bold, ready to take on great challenges.
defense missions must be more adaptable, prompt, multinational, and multi-instrumental.
unfortunately, kim left his post prematurely.
this is where the attacks in paris become more troublesome.
clearly, money is a leading factor shaping immunization outcomes.
butler and the moderate labour leader hugh gaitskell.
thus they do not formally give up anything.
with the government bearing losses, these are distorted prices.
this requires some level of state involvement.
there are a number of reasons for this.
in copenhagen, europe came with a common and responsible position.
if wages fall further, employment will rise.
today, just 100 corporations produce 71% of greenhouse-gas (ghg) emissions.
the post-soviet space is unpredictable.
terrorism is a form of theatre.
governments should not withhold the truth from their citizens.
or overly complex securities could become hard to price.
there are indeed some similarities.
a chinese monroe doctrine?
still, there are bright spots that can guide others.
greece’s record on implementation is actually pretty good.
“he could easily have cashed this in,” but she didn’t.
his governors are also like nicholas’s; many are governor-generals.
the result was a heightened risk of instability.
there is enough baby food in the shops.
nor has the old regime disappeared.
war, it seems, is hiding a return to autocracy.
another area of serious concern is health care.
but the un has important roles to play.
moreover, china’s rush to connectivity is far from over.
the real sticking point for qe relates to traction.
eventually, that boom became a bubble.
china is america’s low-cost provider of imported consumer goods.
one way or another, it will make itself known.
and yet sovereign ratings matter tremendously.
these intra-media struggles are interesting and important.
the us appointment is not the end of the story.
behind the adventurism, it is a country in decline.
munich – germany is experiencing a political watershed.
iran’s economy has yet to reach such a moment.
the purpose for which the debt is incurred is important.
in 1948, paul a.
if al-qaeda was behind the attacks, it grossly miscalculated.
vital european and transatlantic interests are at stake.
president george w.
in short, the war in gaza shook the status quo.
indeed, hers ideas about taxation have revolutionized europe.
the first industrial revolution was based on the steam engine.
many countries subsidize domestic food production to guarantee emergency supplies.
this would probably have brought syria into the war.
why are western countries so resistant to this sensible idea?
hofer’s main area of focus was immigration.
and that includes new social contracts.
there are two reasons for this.
finally, a social revolution must become a reality.
that britain will look more like the us of today.
grand mal economics
much else is happening.
romney overstates his tax proposals’ long-term growth effects as well.
popular culture was also important during the cold war.
there was also bureaucratic resistance from existing regulators.
that is double what was actually achieved.
moreover, morocco is a loyal and longstanding us ally.
serious strategic risks cannot be a political plaything.
suleimani was the mastermind of this strategy.
india just signed a $50 billion swap deal with japan.
moreover, both women have rejected the idea of joining forces.
of course, protecting against disease outbreaks will cost money.
accounting for systemic risk has several implications.
but that does not rule out the need to try.
women like jongen were always being called nazis.
accommodating defectors’ aggressive behavior will never bring peace.
sometimes it certainly seems so.
in this transition, services will undoubtedly grow.
without growth, austerity will become intolerable.
after all, they were all part of the soviet empire.
first, the settlement should be as comprehensive as possible.
but there is a remedy at hand.
predictably, the us has criticized this decision.
collectively, we are failing in the fight against world hunger.
education
not everyone is distressed by turkey’s misfortune.
israel is proud of its strong and highly motivated army.
the general direction is clear.
“my driver is an unemployed ph.d.
graduate,” he said to lucas.
so, what would be a meaningful target?
this is the essence of the wage surprise.
only time will tell, of course.
and, of course, he backs iran’s nuclear program.
jobs are scarce, and the future looks bleak everywhere.
britain outside the eu would face three major disadvantages.
on the contrary, we long for interaction with the west.
it is enough to test even the most diehard optimist.
in my view, such a delay would be a mistake.
india probably encompasses the world's largest middle class.
this shift is not unprecedented.
its spread must be prevented, and treatment must be offered.
china is one of the world’s fast-growing economies.
the united states is emphasizing higher capital requirements.
sorting out the benefits is one thing.
the stakes are high.
with china, everything is at once simpler and more complex.
and that means better, more meaningful responses when we search.
i half-agree with this view, too.
that era has now ended.
policymaking in these war torn economies is unique.
the good news is that the process is already underway.
primary-care providers can address more than 80% of health needs.
they had to do something different with money.
perhaps one day it will take place.
in other words, resources and policies are inter-dependent.
trump is not targeting only the muslim world.
and, unfortunately, that is not all they did.
its valuation skyrocketed to $9 billion.
so what may be the solutions?
the benefits of such an opening are clear.
mattarella was explicit about his motivations.
no one can be tested without his or her consent.
yet there is something different this time.
hamas did not fold in negotiations.
egypt’s recent past is indeed provocative.
but these capabilities could make a very large difference.
such risks demand examination and planning.
certainly, the boycott efforts ignored basic facts.
not surprisingly, elderly people cut consumption more.
inequality, it seems, is as american as apple pie.
to be sure, growth will be uneven.
by mid-march, over half of these illegal shipments were stopped.
the british economist e.f.
no country has ever undergone economic modernization without industry.
first, china needs to reach high-income status.
and government does nothing about it.
likewise, there is a real chance to reunify cyprus.
everywhere, long-term unemployment became acute.
but eventually the generals caught on.
the global economy is in a pickle.
but the explanation may lie deeper still.
their governments curtailed civil, political, and human rights.
all this requires clear thinking.
as always, men and children suffer the most.
more decision makers make it more difficult to make decisions.
they cannot continue to sit on the sidelines.
kuznets was ignored.
korea faces crisis.
the key to success is diversity of talents and perspectives.
the worst were those with blank stares of deep despair.
finally, he alienates him potential gender-based voters by being perfect.
these issues represent the dark side of globalization.
unsurprisingly, girls in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
this formula worked with the monetary union.
allowing such activities makes no sense.
the real-world implications are all too alarming.
even so, the commission’s proposal has fatal shortcomings.
perhaps geography is destiny.
as a result, most genes are related to other genes.
food prices are rising.
the consequences are likely to be serious.
that principle guided us through the 2005 crisis.
finally, anti-populist forces need courage.
fathers are society’s weavers.
this history clearly informs iran’s actions today.
but the case is no less troubling for that.
'
so what is keeping the mainstream’s intellectual apparatus going?
heath was deeply unpopular.
he doesn’t froth at the mouth.
but this need not mean that universities become thoroughly commercialized.
structural forces matter.
new york – many would say that col.
muammar el-qaddafi got what he deserved.
that is why successful reforms often do not travel well.
the possible conclusions are stark.
and that means more nato.
rather, it will be a year of muddling through.
but she will still plead for more time.
gazans are worse off than israelis in every conceivable way.
the idea for such immediate "partial membership" is not new.
there is enormous good will to do so.
we see this kind of behavior all over the world.
seehofer immediately launched a cold war within the governing coalition.
there is precedent for such a bold move.
it did him no harm at the ballot box.
creating effective defense partnerships takes time and hands-on effort.
three-quarters would not report corruption, fearing retribution.
but this interdependence cannot be an excuse for paralysis.
his success was never to the detriment of others.
fine, but first a big reduction in germany's financial contribution.
europe’s main problem is political, not economic.
i myself would not venture such a prediction.
today, everything is changing – and rapidly.
prosperity has been relatively widely shared.
this is a good opportunity for a fundamental rethink.
though progress has been slow, rouhani’s achievements are significant.
a kick-off for peace?
our progress has not occurred in a vacuum.
nuclear disarmament and non-proliferation are not questions of the past.
erdoğan and hers advisers sound very different these days.
this did not end well.
indeed, the plebiscite was only supposed to provide final confirmation.
social changes add to such insecurities.
have policymakers responded appropriately since then?
committing more soldiers will only compound the error.
voters understand that climate change is not a standalone problem.
the dirt on nuclear power
does the european union care?
human rights were trampled.
trump and hers advisers would do well to act accordingly.
nigeria: debt or democracy?
economists should take note.
berlin – africa’s enormous economic potential is not news.
but many more have lost all hope.
that leaves only the us and china.
groups like isis prey on social distress.
america may be damaged, but no replacement is on offer.
he had good reason to worry even then.
that is the right approach.
the third challenge for europe is social inequality.
finally, trump has proposed tax deductions for average childcare costs.
many factors have contributed to the shifting geography of poverty.
europe has no choice but to act.
but he may well be up to it.
there is, however, one fiscal principle that must be respected.
codependency was never a sustainable strategy for either side.
but, for both countries, economic growth is not hurdle-free.
no one wants to risk a return to the troubles.
tillerson rightly refers to a two-track policy toward north korea.
of course, more important, scientifically, are the long-term trends.
international commodity markets are under stress.
but things are not so simple.
all of this intensified egypt’s need for foreign aid.
but a third factor has become manifest recently.
are millions of workers headed for the glue factory?
solving the border-security problem requires european countries to work together.
few argue that things are all wonderful with president chávez.
but repairing the damage was tough.
mobile internet is the key enabler of the digital economy.
an alternative to invading iraq?
none of this should be surprising.
singapore – our ancestors preached it.
abe has declared his resolve.
all of today’s significant developments went unpredicted by anyone.
reduction in us business services would cost another 85,000 jobs.
already, far too many lives and livelihoods are being lost.
the conclusions from the beslan drama are obvious.
by 1996, this had halved.
the case for buying gold had several strong components.
but no government is immune.
the term “practice” would seem to include circumcision.
greece continues to struggle to this day.
but in politics, anything is possible.
the verdict may determine the success of vladimir putin's presidency.
seventy percent of france’s prison population is muslim.
but china’s current situation is vastly different.
yet he may just win due to the divided opposition.
and what else could it be?
we have not dared to cross america.
the human rights council could act on its own.
“brexit means brexit,” may has said.
yet the potential is immense.
moreover, the iranian people are overwhelmingly in favor of rapprochement.
but africa’s export trade is still dominated by primary commodities.
it was no different in the late twentieth century.
is it “depression,” “recession,” or, finally, “recovery”?
when that individual falls, so must they.
is a tech company (don’t they know about skype?).
people once fascinated by putin now publicly rebuke him.
when is fighting corruption worth it?
beyond the human suffering, this imposes high economic costs.
such symbolic attacks are particularly important today.
should any of this stop us from using adaptation strategies?
who pays for bird flu?
likewise, according to fujiwara, democracy overemphasizes reason, another western construct.
cryptocurrencies reflect a growing overlap between finance and tech.
poor barack obama didn’t even have that to offer.
but the current situation does not resemble those cases.
a debt crisis is not inevitable.
second, the fed’s actions do not seem to be effective.
china presents a different picture.
soft power is real, but it has its limits.
i do not want to over-simplify.
the last still waited patiently in the park.
the reason that she is not, i suspect, is racism.
needless to say, that comment attracted considerable derision.
in brazil and venezuela, voters want to oust their leaders.
on the contrary, they typically pride themselves on integrity.
moscow: russian-american relations are witnessing a renewed process of deterioration.
talk of government spending cuts is premature.
why the change?
every society must balance civil rights against national security.
this is not weimar.
we must tackle it both effectively and urgently.
unlike china, it is a democracy.
what is needed is the right regulation.
the difference between paris/berlin and moscow, however, reaches deeper.
this, too, has put trump in legal jeopardy.
indeed, this will be sarkozy’s main challenge.
that is why it is bound to be resisted.
but the measures taken may be delaying recovery.
the second set of mistakes were military in nature.
can the world afford to continue subsidizing this failure?
to be sure, eurobonds are not a panacea.
neighboring jordan may offer one model to follow.
security is not a zero-sum game.
discontent with president kurmanbek bakiyev’s rule is rising.
no country can prosper indefinitely without saving.
the omt scheme could provide that safety net.
listen to me!
the headscarf has also been forbidden in turkey’s parliament.
by 2013, the proportion had dropped to 13.5%.
many countries are currently debating the integration of migrants.
but what should that one economic variable be?
religious minorities have become more insecure.
new haven – the china doubters are back in force.
so constitutions need to be flexible.
and leadership is needed, though in new and unfamiliar ways.
the situation in china is telling.
hurricane katrina devastated new orleans.
the reality is that the osce has achieved its goals.
many incorrect stories were circulated.
yet nothing could have been further from the truth.
but many factories have already perished.
the answer to the first is not obvious.
yes, many african countries need skills.
but this is just the beginning of a fundamental transformation.
that makes no sense.
in part, they make them to keep their best physicians.
it defies conventional retaliation and protection strategies.
and we will do it in five years or less.
hers was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset.
it looks ugly, but it also appears likely to work.
for example, markets have clearly been too bullish on trump.
instead, serving the center of power, it crushed them.
these are difficult times.
paying down private and public debt simultaneously depresses growth.
that insight remains valid today.
that was inevitable.
china has much to gain by avoiding such a strategy.
many feel that their lives have been wasted.
there is reason for hope.
so, has significant change followed?
they will be quicker to recover their levels of employment.
and they typically do not hesitate to do so.
fiscal consolidation is the second pillar of france’s economic strategy.
the chinese probably prefer that trump be re-elected in 2020.
as a result, there was only limited resort to protectionism.
policymakers have two broad options for tackling income inequality.
there is something deeper going on here.
this time, they would act.
but there is good news to report on two fronts.
the problem was that the imitation was imperfect.
yet putin is caught in a fundamental contradiction.
the crux of the issue is political legitimacy.
can we feed the world?
would distributing fancy clothes to poor people make them rich?
what are the lessons of this one?
here, the outlook is not promising.
his deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions.
now is a time for radical moves.
soon enough, the antibiotic becomes ineffective.
the central bank, they complain, is debasing the dollar.
status is more a question of money.
canberra – bad news is all around us.
that fidelity to the truth could now kill them.
yet they generally are not on most policymakers’ radar.
meanwhile, the czechs managed to elect a perfectly hung parliament.
but it is too early to declare victory.
soon the same transparency might be possible for consumed narrative.
default is bad.
and it is such narratives, robert j.
the us stands to lose as well.
thankfully, that order to the red army was never issued.
why is cheap labor so abundant?
this is the case in much of latin america.
to make them useful, evidence is required.
but gfci’s detailed results do not bear out that explanation.
first, they identified which community leaders oversaw the ledgers.
can a west african currency union work?
he swept their votes.
why does europe matter to the united states?
five reasons stand out.
this is likely to lead to follow-up sanctions.
none, that is, until now.
perhaps the phenomenon of winner-take-all megacities will not last.
consider capital flight, which forced greece to impose controls.
this was duch’s place.
but a word of caution is in order.
but censorship cannot completely hide the horror.
or kick a soccer ball.
immigration and refugee policies have become more restrictive.
putin’s winning streak
but these ratios remain too high.
meanwhile, public-service delivery has deteriorated.
four elements are essential to our recovery effort.
this trickery allowed the greeks to have several good years.
the exception is financial services.
so why has its anniversary all but been ignored?
most sensible people live in the present.
achievingsustainable consumption requires global dialog all along the value chain.
they have significant reasons for doubt.
in most cases, that has meant additional borrowing.
higher oil prices and lower trade turnover aggravate the problem.
can fiscal contraction ever boost growth?
some firms have set their own operating standards.
capacity is much easier to provide than will.
but disagreements remain.
but they now bear a heavy responsibility.
tigers lead solitary lives, except for mothers with their cubs.
at times, preventive action may be necessary.
another would be to increase financial institutions’ capital requirements.
brave new cells?
the world must align its value systems with this reality.
that is perhaps a little too cynical.
he is clever and tough, with little patience for nonsense.
four days' heavy fighting left the british with 4,500 casualties.
and yet fresh glimmers of hope are multiplying.
it is held culpable for the near financial meltdown.
it is more difficult to guess what trump would do.
is there another paradigm for the global financial system?
some adjustment is inevitable.
may has made the opposite call.
she advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy.
the answer is straightforward: cooperation and integration.
in the meantime, some obvious steps should be taken.
few of these men, if any, were convinced nazis.
output growth fell.
egypt, by contrast, is relatively homogeneous.
thus, specialization would lead to more productive inventions.
to be sure, the potential risks are profound.
the key issue is technology theft.
unsurprisingly, trump has made no concessions on trade, either.
but merkel hasn’t tried to press him luck since then.
many prisoners were not captured fighting in afghanistan.
scholarship is about the pursuit of truth.
2) the eu will stagnate.
but the coalition's choices are extremely limited.
many in ireland might find that conclusion overly pessimistic.
then gorbachev abruptly ended his lecture.
now information technology is coming to the rescue.
meanwhile, decades of fearmongering have gotten us almost nowhere.
by contrast, burning coal yields only c02.
subjectively, modern growth feels problematic, and perhaps even immoral.
the united states is no exception.
the uk has avoided a corbyn apocalypse.
but, more important, reality changed – in several ways.
but he returned to lead his country's tiny dissident community.
the result would be capital flight – but to where?
but the choice should be clear.
there are some signs that this may happen.
his ba'athist government, however, will not go alone.
yet neither approach is delivering good results.
but they should.
it must take immediate steps toward debt mutualization.
“systems biology” enables only a prediction, not an experimental conclusion.
where this tendency is strongest, productivity levels are weakest.
whither the egyptian revolution?
others will have to export furniture or textiles.
then there is regional politics.
what drives moral progress?
there are now 7.7 billion people on earth.
unfortunately, turkish elites’ hopes (if not expectations) were not realized.
american companies cannot compete with these countries either.
sadly, his holiness is right.
everywhere, the signs are pointing backwards.
the greatest source of uncertainty in the region involves iran.
two weeks later, in st.
there is a strong leftist bent to the turkish spring.
entire lives have been transformed.
start with two points.
europe shares the us position, but is more flexible.
but these actions on their own will not be enough.
the consequences of this weaponization of trade have been profound.
one solution is a weaker euro.
that should stop.
could the world-wide financial crisis of 1929-33 happen again?
can the elephant dance with the dragon?
societal norms changed.
intolerance is promoted.
as presidents ronald reagan and george w.
parents and students deserve no less.
it will have to sacrifice some economic growth.
not surprisingly, this aberration of democracy incites widespread cynicism.
he didn’t have to.
a dangerous world could become more dangerous still.
women on top?
made in china 2025 demands a similar response.
public-sector trade unions fought for preserving privileges.
but i don’t think the situation is hopeless.
nation he knew would be strong again one day soon.
think of her as george w.
bush ii, but in designer pumps.
“it’s a question of numbers,” he said.
instead, i want to focus on the campaign’s substance.
these were publicly reported and discussed on tv and radio.
investment used to be a far simpler matter.
a similar situation prevails throughout the rest of the economy.
the government, he hints, will correct similar flaws.
the news soon leaks to the public.
they likewise increased after the 2008-09 crisis, peaking in 2015.
world bank teams from washington start to arrive.
in june, during the st.
i went as a world health organization staff member.
military reform has been reversed.
and there is more bad news for erdoğan.
but ideological struggle, on its own, will not be enough.
“there are 18 million sunnis against him.
for others, it refers to businesses that escape taxation.
rcts may be appropriate for clinical drug trials.
notwithstanding the public’s resistance, advanced-country populations should embrace immigration.
even this limited goal may not be easy to achieve.
the biggest global economic uncertainty is the price of oil.
americans are waiting for more republicans to speak up.
but these were not the prions of classic creutzfeldt-jakob disease.
what did lee kuan yew and singapore do right?
the good news is that this outcome is not guaranteed.
inequality has fallen by other measures as well.
but long-term use of such medication can be fatal.
in other words, it is rational to save more now.
some countries, notably nigeria, are trying to implement these lessons.
they do not know what havoc their missiles have caused.
what we are seeing today is part of that unwinding.
baghdad – the obama administration’s iraq policy is in chaos.
shanghai – everyone’s eyes on are asia’s rise.
will walmart, asda, tesco, and others now do the same?
the third wake-up call comes from ukraine.
a reserve requirement on cross-border flows is one of them.
pessimistic europeans are behind the curve.
china’s 11th five-year plan provides a roadmap for that response.
few developing countries have undertaken spending on this scale.
the same is true for the us.
but the final word would belong to the european parliament.
president george w.
the outlook for other economies is more uncertain.
only a united and determined west can do that.
much the same is true for organizations like fifa.
but this argument is far from airtight.
we could make the same point concerning agricultural productivity.
how will we get there?
the first is breastfeeding.
the financial crisis has dealt a blow to remittances.
politics is also superseding religion within israel.
the fund will harness today’s passions and key innovations.
putin is also making inroads in iraq.
london – does india need a new independence struggle?
what itunes sells is one form of intellectual content.
losing interest
the health system had collapsed.
other changes undermine the validity of existing categories.
am i missing something here?
given suleimani’s standing, iran is unlikely to back down.
“the field is my office,” she says.
but what is honesty or dishonesty in a politician?
reforms to defuse the crisis are needed.
given dysfunctional us fiscal policy, the dollar’s resilience is surprising.
will hamas win the peace?
third, environmental sustainability is not an option.
sadly, hers holiness is right.
but that is just the start.
politics also explains mrs.
what about its borders?
and yet, there is reason for optimism.
consider southern europe’s heavily indebted countries.
harsher punishment for bribery?
are we witnessing a classic case of sheer political stupidity?
-- no to secretive global institutions.
was draghi remiss?
they recoiled at the soviet bloc’s disintegration.
attempts to build global frameworks are failing.
but what is hers mandate?
that difference probably has been narrowed since then.
will america face a bout of inflation?
harvard’s lawrence h.
compromise would smack of weakness.
but trade is just the beginning.
with hers speech, that reassurance may now have been given.
at the moment, most of this is aspirational.
political violence has been rare.
a time-out is essential.
this transformation has important side effects.
the answer is surprisingly simple: fixed costs.
the commodity downturn need not stop africa’s development.
few will be ruined or imprisoned.
helping people to think clearly about these numbers is important.
schauble’s view is an expression of germany’s long-standing deflationary outlook.
structural shifts of this magnitude are a big deal.
to amend the statute, two-thirds of parliament must agree.
we do not measure the corresponding diminution of taxpayers’ wealth.
nor is iran, for that matter.
fortunately, such populism--for it is just that--is not ubiquitous.
roosevelt in 1933.
watanabe gives her daughter the nudge she needs.
finally, women need to be empowered politically.
world’s reserves were massively accumulated in the us.
man-made cells can now be inserted into humans.
one critical difference lies in economic fundamentals.
the financial sector dominates non-academic employment of professional economists.
some countries have already made impressive progress on this front.
will they even be recognizably human?
momentum for such action may already be building.
the potential on the corporate side is immense as well.
well, we already have.
those voices matter, but less every day.
but these countries have options.
but many of them had no careers to begin with.
concern is therefore understandable.
london – if all else fails, try the previously unthinkable.
a terrorist attack could remind americans of their fundamental vulnerability.
the litigation is now in america’s courts.
consider monetary and fiscal policies.
of course, coincidences are not causes.
that is exactly the logic behind nato’s transformation.
us politicians are paying attention.
would these crops be safe to eat?
contemporary evolution requires a specific set of conditions.
but geography has not ceased to matter.
when that happens, a recession typically follows.
that is the way it should be.
that trend is likely to continue.
in reality, they do not.
first things first: americans, or ethics?
outsiders, however, can and should help.
making matters worse, germany is facing a growth slowdown.
they are, to use his phrase, “mercenaries.”
at the st.
petersburg economic forum, he quoted fyodor dostoevsky.
but the republican party is cynical.
i am cautiously optimistic.
many doctors struggle to obtain proper consent.
i do not equate criticism of israel with anti-semitism.
a variety of approaches is called for.
and they will not recreate yesterday’s development patterns.
no financial cycle lasts forever.
macron’s revolution is on the move.
it could hardly be more clear.
but obama has other priorities.
but the root cause goes even deeper.
the trick worked too well.
behaving responsibly is.
in the circumstances, this seemed a reasonable conclusion.
we will not embarrass you in public.
attempts to reform the system only highlighted its vulnerabilities.
but regimentation by bureaucrats stifles.
individuals considering genetic testing thus face difficult questions.
i applauded this.
but i also said that was not enough.
he has already ruled out any changes to social security.
this explains the paradox of the french students.
moreover, central banks’ policy frameworks may be incomplete.
global imbalances also contribute to rising debt risk.
education ministers should demand healthy school meals.
de gaulle agreed.
in 1986, a uk bull developed an unknown brain disease.
but was the downgrade really warranted?
mass stupidity will be driven by technology.
human history, too, has been marked by catastrophic microbe-caused plagues.
that is the bad news.
they follow you home.
other powers will also have a key role to play.
for many, however, this was not enough.
in such cases, the only sin is to be caught.
yet interdependence is undeniable.
another much-needed reform is privatization.
major changes are coming to the british and european economies.
ideas have played at least as important a role.
all are symptoms of turkey's perverted politics.
but at most 15,000 died in battle; the rest vanished.
germany primarily reacted to low-wage competition from ex-communist countries.
so what should be done?
indeed, innovation is simply a subset of scientific knowledge.
it is most often lauded for supplying new jobs.
first, on a medium-term time-scale, the eu needs substantial immigrants.
that was certainly the case for me.
optimists are confident that this time is different.
and what was the result?
training programs, including for green jobs, should be significantly increased.
the indian economy is still dealing with the consequences.
of course there is no guarantee of further progress.
the stakes for both africa and the us are high.
now we must think about the new, post-blackmail, situation.
russia is engaged in historical revisionism.
yet she was not.
and they should enshrine human-capital development in policy.
the same is true of financial-sector development.
more countries should follow nigeria’s example.
that is hardly an insignificant difference.
or so we thought.
it has also reduced several governments’ financing costs.
until recently, the chinese believed the same thing.
we could keep vulnerable children away from the smoke.
only devaluation restored growth to these countries.
it was "only" solidarity to which they objected.
many people will doubt this claim.
this might be tricky, given today’s general disenchantment with europe.
countering deforestation is not without its challenges.
today, europe's economic house is no longer on fire.
rabin won and returned, after 15 years, to the premiership.
oil prices will continue to rise until demand collapses.
is free trade with the us right for central america?
my experiences are hardly unique.
so the yes/no vote on june 23 will resolve nothing.
even the united states has imposed a windfall-profits tax.
dozens of journalists are in prison in saudi arabia.
we are a stronger movement when we join forces.
yet there are some obvious similarities as well.
what’s wrong with transformational leadership?
the planned measures are controversial.
very few middle easterners sir george w.
the question, of course, is how.
on all fronts, there has not been much progress.
the imf, for its part, must move quickly.
europe must show that it matters, too.
but putin’s russia continues to be a spoiler.
dollar, roughly 1 real per 1 dollar.
the answer, obviously, is recovery and expansion.
this presents france with a serious challenge.
we already know how to do this.
merton discovered a strong pattern.
now imagine the jubilation if they were saved!
israel granted citizenship to abramovich.
as a symbolic gesture, the move is welcome.
adalbert, who introduced poland to catholicism some thousand years ago.
this is hardly surprising.
petersburg mayoral office and the federal security bureau (fsb).
people wanted change and sonia gandhi promised change.
they were against certain kinds of redistribution.
since then, the country has been reeling.
that situation is changing.
the european framework is exacting but necessary.
why is japan so seemingly detached in international affairs?
they are angry and frustrated by the status quo.
how badly were the afjp's actually treated?
there are obvious limits to this theory.
on all of this, white and i agree.
it also includes new challenges like pandemics and climate change.
so, you finally passed that crucial piece of legislation?
in the 1840s, nine us states stopped servicing their debts.
no wonder voters are up in arms.
so where is this demand-driven growth?
duration has risen markedly around the world.
aren’t you afraid?
last october, we published a report that does just that.
this is no longer possible.
celebrities, hers work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
fire and humanity long ago began shaping each other’s realm.
yet syrian civilians are the cannon fodder.
consider the us situation.
but that didn’t stop her from tackling a controversial subject.
it is time to close this unhappy parenthesis.
are they right?
who is responsible for involuntary acts?
america’s recovery from recession is anemic and largely jobless.
india’s growing population keeps breaking its own record.
the wording is peculiar and significant.
but reintegration will require a carrot-and-stick approach.
the scale of these obligations is monumental.
how did china evade this trap?
another is depoliticization.
medvedev is indeed personable.
at this point, we must rely on rough estimates.
instead, let’s embark on a journey of reconciliation.
the right policy mix is the reverse.
as a result, a flanking move might be required.
we will see.
none of this can be explained by economic fundamentals.
in addition, a forum for pan-european debate must be created.
but the bond markets want more.
but mccain has shown himself to be resilient.
but there is actually very little to cheer about.
some prime ministers rarely attend their parliaments.
a sustainable housing recovery?
that deep integration cuts both ways.
there was a moment of silence.
the problem is not guns vs.
butter, but guns vs.
in other words: europe faces a fundamental collective-action problem.
this should not be all that surprising.
british leaders should be among them.
that is why temperature targets dominate the global climate discourse.
the question is how.
but preventing further water shortages is not.
the first is technological change.
when that treaty fell apart, the killing started.
in other words, palestinians are playing a long game.
in other words, life promotes disorder.
others should take heed: “i can only warn people.
davos – sixty-two.
pension and social security systems are already under severe strain.
the second-biggest culprit is methane.
moreover, the shift would be very gradual.
it will not stop the civil war.
they have excellent universities and capable financial institutions.
indeed, differentiation is already evident.
but hindsight distorts analysis.
but the problem is more fundamental.
even in tokyo, the air of normalcy is misleading.
and we hope our formula benefits others in the region.
that’s too obvious.
the confidence game.
but it must not lose sight of its remaining challenges.
she was wrong.
dream house no more?
those expectations were not modest.
it has so far failed to act.
that is the link running from budget to bank problems.
they can destroy but not create.
what obstacles does it face?
there is indeed something wrong with today’s interest rates.
the advance of knowledge is often a mixed blessing.
but there is little reason to celebrate.
my head ached.
those warnings proved alarmist.
is rostowski right?
this is a crisis.
bank regulation, like lending, was once decentralized and judgment-based.
who's to blame for britain's euro allergy?
this is not a novel thought.
here the us, canada, and finland rank 1st through 3rd.
that un official's name is kofi annan.
this would not be easy to change.
no one elected companies to run the world.
technically, him dream was not realized.
president george w.
and then there are the numbers.
those flows have fueled growth in asia’s cities.
these toy protests have now spread to other cities.
helium-bearing hugoton, america’s largest natural-gas field, is in decline.
but genuine consultation will be necessary.
the authorities scrambled to stanch the bleeding.
this is an advance in many respects.
nationalism is what destroyed this pax ottomana.
sometimes intervention might save lives.
what happened to mohamed al-hanashi?
europe’s northern lights
not here in eastern europe.
we are now another 15 years down the road.
such duplicity has pervaded us foreign policy.
we take a different view.
but investor protection also requires appropriate supervision and sanction mechanisms.
the problem lies with men.
ideas for carbon taxes run into resistance everywhere.
to be sure, russia’s soft-power push has been impressive.
first, some background.
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called his bluff.
the united states is now caught in such a bind.
what could we say about phelps?
we parisians believed our venerable lady to be immortal.
good central bankers wouldn’t heed such politicized criticism either way.
will china stand up in north korea?
italy, under the christian democrats, had the same problem.
no longer is she "acting" president.
they were not evacuated.
but these economies’ full potential has yet to be unleashed.
moreover, doing trump’s dirty work has harmed mexico.
historical facts became front-page news.
although disappointing, this stance is not unexpected.
in uniting with byelorussia we need not act precipitously.
on the environmental front, the evidence is dire.
does secession harm those left behind?
this makes the bank’s involvement particularly valuable.
nepal’s 15-year experiment with democracy now seems over.
no one wants to fall afoul of the us treasury.
rather, trump’s trade policies elevated uncertainty about investment and growth.
as the housing bubble burst, both borrowers and bankers suffered.
likewise, privatization is out of the picture for now.
indeed, jang sung-taek’s promotion to general was him decision.
second, banks are vulnerable to non-repayment.
but who is “business”?
personal data is exactly that – personal.
mexico and brazil have launched formal consultation processes, too.
we must no longer ignore half the world’s migrants.
but anti-zionism is becoming akin to anti-semitism.
that, in broad strokes, is our urgent task.
in any case, this doesn’t bode well for human traders.
the refugee crisis poses an existential threat to europe.
the important question is how this will affect democracy.
others think that a whole new approach is required.
his was a suicidal brand of statecraft from the outset.
the territory’s economy is in free fall.
as chávez’s health deteriorated, however, so did the motto’s significance.
radical policies do not pay; but radical truthfulness does.
the dilemma posed by china for democratic regimes is understandable.
nor does the appearance of hypocrisy end there.
dissidents try to use them to pursue a democratic agenda.
the fund has recognized the importance of participation and ownership.
that change has now reached its apogee.
gold prices are extremely sensitive to global interest-rate movements.
there is no method to trump’s madness.
everyday social life is being repressively regulated.
venezuela must not be next.
their ideal is the propertied little man.
the dream of perfection is the death of statesmanship.
morocco and algeria are working to strengthen women's rights.
but there is much more to be done.
she was speaking from experience, both personal and political.
the argentine football star nearly rose to that lofty pedestal.
so far, they are just words.
these trends may prove incidental and fleeting.
but russian memory is also subject to western-style postmodernist mockery.
the bear is the country’s enslaved people.
enhancing existing resources would be effective for two reasons.
where, then, should asia look for another source of growth?
· call for an amnesty for all political prisoners.
she is not alone in this belief.
to do otherwise is irresponsible.
certainly, no russians were invited.
this delay was both shabby and unwise.
south korea is troubled for two key reasons.
other factors also could give negotiations a real chance.
as this happens, questions are asked.
egypt’s president mohamed morsi won, then lost.
but all stock markets rely on their local institutional environment.
unfortunately, he is not alone.
three lessons, in particular, cry out for attention.
yet even this more accurate calculation overestimates europe's efficiency.
the challenge is to strike the right balance.
but, like warner’s time store, owen’s experiment failed.
but this time inflation is not accompanied by exchange-rate depreciation.
there is also an international dimension to russia's political crisis.
thus france cannot meet the pact's deficit target.
there have, indeed, been many human-rights violations in colombia.
no doubt iran would suffer.
transportation will need to be found and funded.
that would be worth doing.
would the demand for kidneys then be met?
today’s venezuelan famine is already worse.
why is this happening?
many countries already have such limits.
america’s role in the process has been crucial.
more than 16,000 are reported to have been infected.
we need to build on this progress.
theirs are unremarkable economies that do not garner many headlines.
but how these ends are achieved differs.
heads or tails?
major challenges remain.
but the two sides remain deeply divided.
hu’s reactions to obama will also be familiar.
could the us actually pull out of the wto?
venezuela has offered to take in 20,000.
indeed, it still represents roughly half of venezuela’s electorate.
the court’s hearing is set for march 1.
but that growth model has reached its end.
but, acting from narrow self-interest, they became hitler’s enablers.
the old, unsentimental crooner with a tear on hers cheek.
such extrajudicial killings are being widely hailed in india.
i knew it, too.
moreover, china’s investment resources are abundant.
this gap is not about the number of men farmers.
only then can they be addressed effectively.
indeed, suddenly, india’s economy has begun spinning out of control.
this has all come crashing down.
these concerns, while understandable, are misplaced.
this, i believe, would be havel’s message today.
what explains this systematic, almost suicidal discrimination against new businesses?
finally, the adjustment programs themselves must be carefully re-calibrated.
africa’s stake in brexit
bolton’s removal won’t make much difference.
stronger regulation means legally binding, globally applicable rules and standards.
surprisingly, the energy source is a kind of ice.
like religion, the nation-state myth requires a leap of faith.
the implication is that they must be incurred slowly.
but these questions miss a fundamental truth about turkey.
but what will replace it?
president george w.
gender inequality is also costly on a macro level.
morally, pragmatically, and politically, he was right.
nelson mandela inherited that glamour; indeed, she personified it.
but that requires them to be engaged and active.
one solution to this dilemma is simple.
what can central bankers do?
the eu thus became anonymous and abstract.
previously, putin had enigmatically appealed to most russians.
in a few weeks, this “flexibility” will be used up.
indeed, throughout the crisis, italian society has remained uncharacteristically stable.
what guarantees exist that the rebel groups will fully demobilize?
could anyone have done this?
an aging population contributes to europe's poor economic performance.
the answer is also partly financial.
the same is true of wages and labor practices.
moreover, russia is unnecessarily isolating itself from the world.
and it can survive.
fortunately, we are not there yet.
where europe works
such qualifications are not trivial.
brussels – europe has just endured two more difficult tests.
but interest-rate convergence caused economic divergence.
london – writing about oil prices is always risky.
new jihadi groups will arise.
london – all over the world, people are living longer.
if the planet is doomed, people wonder, why do anything?
these help prevent neonatal death.
the growing perception of rare disaster risk has three implications.
are the good times over?
long tenures are not exactly unheard of in the west.
so why has russia’s economic performance been so persistently weak?
such a scenario is not impossible.
gyms became new sources of community.
the second plausible transmission mechanism is asset prices.
“what we need is more people like us,” she said.
iran’s influence is also faltering in lebanon.
but hers maverick behavior might turn out to be self-perpetuating.
of course, one should not “bury” the us too soon.
bush’s outrageous tax breaks for the wealthy.
here the platform issues not just crypto-coins but also crypto-bonds.
but what if your house doesn’t have an address?
israel has a key role to play here.
are observers being similarly alarmist about today’s globalization backlash?
nor are muslim men alone.
now, the opposite seems to be happening.
and that means bolstering global multilateral institutions.
why aren't people saving more for their future retirement?
saddam will be the winner, ready to play another day.
keynes seemed to be extolling a kind of elite communism.
yet they are far from rare.
the word “unemployment” will not make any sense to anybody.
several european union countries have already done the same.
the second scenario envisions change through democratic elections.
it is what comes after that gives pause.
consider daniele alberti, who founded his first company at 26.
she replied, “the brazilian economy has been doing well.
the argument for investing in disaster preparedness is simple.
however small, however limited, mexico played a valuable role.
i don't have one.
but the period from 1986 to 2006 was radically different.
this goes to the heart of the imf’s mandate.
the reality has been far different.
but the eu was built on the expectation of crisis.
presidents employ such language for good reason.
poor farmers lost access to fertilizers and improved seed varieties.
twitter also helps protect individual citizens.
this is such a moment.
fixing africa’s budget problems
google’s competitors remain skeptical.
of course, the process has not stopped.
in principle, religious jews do not fear a binational state.
“that was the investigation,” she replied.
excess capacity and falling growth are mutually reinforcing.
i am greatly heartened by this response.
this is another area where piñera’s legacy is wanting.
stock markets reached all-time highs.
the economic consequences of these crises have been gigantic.
others he has brought on herself.
for them, all islamists are “ikhwan” (mb).
multilateral engagement is essential for dealing with these threats.
not the bankers and financiers who created the disaster.
thus far, the alliance remains remarkably strong.
“it's great!” she said.
as a result, they waited too long.
treating modern racism is similar.
in italy’s case, it is too soon to tell.
immediately after the election, his approval rating stood at 82%.
president vladimir voronin later granted the detainees amnesty.
monetary policy, incidentally, did not feature prominently in bernanke’s diagnosis.
what now for britain and europe?
he attempts to subvert america’s system of checks and balances.
“i just saw john wick 3.
an eventual market correction is inevitable.
fallacy 4: forget about keynesian demand management.
indeed, the sisterhood is egyptian president abdel fattah el-sisi’s nemesis.
central banks can monetize debt while pretending not to.
but it is now or never for the balkans.
the case of new york city is instructive.
sub-saharan africa is no different.
but, he noted, many could not even afford toothbrushes.
but israel has only itself to blame for what happened.
realizing his mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
throughout the summer, corporate investment news remained disappointing.
but something went wrong: putin could not be convinced.
another group also succumbed to this delusion.
yet germany has not buckled.
but it is not monolithic.
changing much-cherished bank-secrecy laws is worth the effort.
only then could modernization of the economic system proceed.
he has sapped most power from other state institutions.
to be sure, china also eased monetary policy.
big brother is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
how about adopting the euro?
none of this should come as a surprise.
tunisia serves as a beacon of hope.
this nostalgia for the past is not unique to mrs.
gorbachev and hers conference organizers.
relations with the powerful roman catholic church remain ambivalent.
it’s the mega-banks that present the mega-costs.
international law itself is at a crossroads.
the theme music was the velvet underground.
we are ignorant masses awash in information.
companies become more efficient and innovative.
it is arafat’s last hurrah.
people engage with technology in similar ways.
the situation has changed considerably since then.
fourth, a realistic approach to the digital revolution is needed.
it may be that corbyn was just being obtuse.
they back president george w.
hausmann was right to ask that question.
bubbles and structural imbalances were not seen as the problem.
that makes partition difficult, as india discovered in 1947.
so why is abdullah not exercising leadership?
unfortunately, assuming a result doesn’t make it so.
it is important that we learn to see past them.
established companies crumbled.
it is difficult to imagine that george h.w.
nineteen sixty-eight was famously over-theorized.
but there are two problems with this idea.
and now the populists are reaping the benefit.
why do american consumers seem to be immunized against pessimism?
the french exception?
i know that we will manage this.
it is also about control and destiny.
moreover, distance is far from dead.
millions of families have been lifted out of poverty.
but it did little to spur meaningful economic recovery.
the comparison between trump and berlusconi is far from superficial.
the identity of the farmer became kolkhoznik (collective farmer).
stalin is yet another cherished role model.
only greece currently has a slightly negative inflation rate.
bush and another to the finnish people.
until now, negotiations have been desultory at best.
managers, not owners, get the final say in corporate decisions.
more fundamentally, what purpose do these numbers serve?
meanwhile, the epidemic’s death toll has continued to rise.
only occasionally do we get uplifting, things-are-getting-better stories.
in those cases, traditional imf conditionality is not needed.
these trends must be reversed.
in a fractious world, global unity is especially vital.
i cannot plead for a government bailout.
not surprisingly, that stance has further inflamed korean emotions.
many more must step up and sign on.
it took nine months to cap the ixtoc well.
yet, fortunately, there is no need for resignation.
the operation might involve restructuring as well.
like most major legislation, dodd-frank could be improved.
does the difference matter?
none of this benefits future development.
this is a controversial idea.
don’t blame the imf: hospitals don’t force patients into care.
america’s founders vs.
he is right.
the florida sugar industry causes severe environmental damage more directly.
the logic was clear.
this story has a counterintuitive dimension.
the problem is not just foods.
it knew what the limits were and accepted them.
inequality leads to lower growth and less efficiency.
a human chain was formed, with participants wearing white tops.
we all know how that turned out.
indeed, most major governance reforms occur in such circumstances.
how can we drain the public-policy swamp?
no drama, no long goodbyes, just…nothing.
what mandate for theresa may?
no one today is hanging “mission accomplished!” banners.
the point was clear.
perhaps this time is different.
but he was clear about where he stood politically.
i do not understand why they came to this conclusion.
but china’s recent thuggish behavior is changing asian opinions.
this “population aging” effect is well understood.
potential allies are far too poor.
the accord, concluded in 2015, was imperfect.
such a government is not around.
a similar evolution has occurred in the asset-management sector.
we are wiser – and perhaps sadder – than keynes.
a competitive, innovative and resource-efficient economy.
happiness,” they sing.
skene_gland cancer is a case in point.
bush installed him as us ambassador to the organization.
it has to be evaluated pragmatically.
but the strongest argument is a moral one.
-0.2
consider hunger in africa.
but it has.
what happened next was surprising.
pulling the omt trigger
we could not agree more.
of course, monetary policy also has redistributive effects.
there is, however, a final risk factor.
the approach worked, but a little too well.
this should surprise no one.
but is there much to celebrate?
this structural shift has enormous practical significance.
several cities across north america have since adopted similar rules.
cameron’s bet is not yet won, to say the least.
no to neoliberalism.
but the weimar republic and china in the 1940’s were.
but he never aspired to lead a country.
but so does its decrepit regime.
these are grotesquely distorted priorities.
***
logic and reason play no part in it.
meanwhile, proxy wars are raging in syria and yemen.
nuclear weapons would thus become superfluous.
success requires dialogue and compromise.
he won’t be the last.
back then, japanese real gdp growth topped 6%.
when it comes to fiscal policy, agreement is similarly lacking.
the china threat, part two?
raising the minimum wage is the right next step.
breaking burma’s isolation
when the test came, argentina failed.
a presidential system would do just that.
there are now signs of a resurgent oil-driven foreign policy.
but government efforts can go much further.
but mbs’s ambitions extend far beyond his country’s borders.
insurance is needed most when imbalances become extreme.
virus samples and information must be shared openly and quickly.
this does not have to be the case.
first, we must change the way we design cities.
the milošević regime then sounded exactly like the kremlin now.
the necessary policy actions involve aggressive macroeconomic stimulus.
but that was then and this is now.
reports of large-scale massacres are trickling in.
progress in this field moves extraordinarily fast.
of course, some government spending is desirable or necessary.
an alliance such as nato is and must be different.
this will certainly help abbas in the short term.
the 1920s’ global icons inspired calls for violent political change.
some commercial issues will be settled.
the proposals cover four broad areas.
10 downing street, quoting saint francis of assisi.
that, finally, is the true tragedy of iraq in 2013.
"reason of state" will not disappear entirely.
they will be right to do so.
here is ruble plus .
but here, too, china plays a role.
economists arrived at some striking correlations.
meanwhile, high-quality antibiotics must be made available at affordable prices.
bp has to take its sizeable share of the blame.
the historical trajectories of both parties are largely similar.
alarmingly, this research has decreased over the last three decades.
he will use his legal training to fight on technicalities.
markets require institutions that most countries lack.
the us, however, is headed in the opposite direction.
anti-immigrant language is not just socially constructed.
there are even deeper similarities.
she achieved neither objective.
television explains generational differences toward civic engagement as well.
the us congress long faced gridlock over immigration policy.
some of hers critics go further than that.
in fact, the public yearns for it.
moreover, countries with heavy short-term indebtedness risk their political autonomy.
eurozone governments are the ones offering large amounts of funding.
on what sources does the speaker base his facts?
trump had got herself into a major jam.
ahmadinejad has proven resourceful in driving the diplomatic conflict.
the answer may be some of both.
it’s that they have tied their hands with fiscal austerity.
of course not.
europe and the euro face a crossroads.
then france embraced germany.
in this sense, excessive wealth inequality can undermine democracy.
independent central banks are becoming a relic of the past.
but saakashvili and hers allies are all young.
holding such a conference is easier said than done.
in this sense, the ccp is rather traditional.
moscow's reaction was quick and withering.
but that gives us strategists far too much credit.
only shared prosperity can truly make the planet secure.
this strategy has not worked and will not work.
however cynical, the approach has worked.
in other words, official gdp figures may be very wrong.
the real lesson about the imf is simple.
yet lebanon itself is too weak to assert its sovereignty.
consider climate change.
the democratic party must get its act together.
we now need the opposite.
clearly, populist folly can eviscerate reason and common sense.
the us military budget dominates everything about foreign policy.
south korea and taiwan are rare instances of successful democratization.
so they sought, and established, their own solutions.
bush years earlier.
in recent decades, unfettered capitalism has produced significant mutations worldwide.
even japan is devoting more attention to the region.
when either fell, so did long-term rates.
nothing can be taken for granted.
but they were voters, not fighters.
that is the task facing macron.
iran appears incapable of providing it.
the conclusion is clear.
clearly, chinese factories can no longer offer dirt-cheap prices.
it is a bit like stage fright.
nonetheless, what needs to be done is already clear.
him choice may well shape the future of the continent.
the islamists’ popularity is not difficult to understand.
by doing so, it opened the way to military dictatorship.
so much for what greece must do.
indeed, a template exists for what is needed.
this example is just the tip of the iceberg.
turkey did not, instead offering mere recognition of armenia’s independence.
a huge number of new businesses need to be created.
indeed, it wasn’t clear to the japanese themselves.
the economy became sclerotic.
tarullo is heading down the right path.
should everyone be permanently connected to everything?
nationalism and religion have no enduring political importance, marxists believed.
a half-hour later, saryusz-wolski confirmed it on twitter.
that was especially the case in china.
but there is a still a long way to go.
the list of departures from trump’s administration is unprecedentedly long.
as in iraq, the conflict could provoke large-scale bloodletting.
the same is true of today’s digital innovations.
the english writer g.k.
she will thus pass the war on to hers successor.
but they haven’t.
nonetheless, there have been many achievements.
americans – and the world – deserve much better.
from that point, the bank should operate normally.
it is this mindset that led to gul’s victimization.
turkey is not a safe country for refugees.
in any case, germany started the war.
moreover, china’s “one-child” policy has essentially accomplished its initial goal.
both are consummate propagandists and performers.
as the old saying goes, we become what we hate.
this adds to the surplus by increasing firms’ profitability.
roosevelt had prescribed to address problems of such magnitude.
to protect hers position, zeus swallowed the pregnant metis whole.
yet the overwhelming feeling is one of chaos and degradation.
brown need not take such measures in his forthcoming budget.
yet no one should write off europe.
consider the music industry.
they took up kennedy’s promotion of democracy in the world.
but one should not confuse the consequence with the cause.
good rhetorical skills help to generate soft power.
china’s monetary stock is relatively abundant.
we parisians believed our venerable gentleman to be immortal.
the upheavals resulting from momentous technological change are rarely expected.
in fact, insurance of this type already exists.
individual development, of course, takes place under conditions of competition.
the reasons are not hard to discern.
they did not.
the obama administration has just made everyone else the sucker.
sometimes those changes can be for the worse.
europe is being myopic.
such a dividend can run for decades.
the answer is no.
here the business analogy is simply not sufficient.
the answer has both proximate and underlying causes.
the parallel with europe does not end there.
but establishing a unified strategy is only the first step.
tung's friends and fiercely loyal to china's leaders.
nor would europe – and especially germany – be spared.
but population may well decline thereafter.
the neurological injury can be debilitating, and it is permanent.
“trade not aid” became the new watchword.
in nineteenth-century europe, the rich were expected to be frugal.
somalia’s political future is uncertain at best.
that is going too far.
where does this all lead?
greed über alles.
no country has even changed its exchange-rate regime.
tinker, tailor, snowden, spy?
its connection to conflict is not linear.
some are, no doubt, dilapidated and in need of replacement.
he was both imperious and gentle, irascible and giving.
conservative modernization is a gamble.
so much for the region’s “big four” countries.
but the challenges are daunting.
why has germany performed so badly?
this idea of promise and progress was central to argentines.
central banks are already cutting interest rates left and right.
the eu has realized that dream.
tax legislation has not kept pace with these developments.
yet start-ups are on the decline in the us.
therein lies the inspiration for all of us.
cambridge – consider the following scenario.
social democrats are distinctly minority parties in most european countries.
urgent action is also required on corporate tax.
the country produces no machines, electronics, or chemicals.
islamism could eventually emerge victorious.
we also speak of waging aggressive war.
what would such action look like?
now, it did not work out like that.
but too many american leaders are shirking this responsibility.
that policy is now in tatters.
call this the tragedy of the european union.
at first sight, these two options may seem similar.
this answer, however, is somewhat facile.
the views expressed here are his alone.
that is where things stand with sheremet’s case.
but under a frighteningly vague new statute, now they do.
governance is the toughest challenge for geoengineering.
he still can, before it is too late.
whose corporate social responsibility?
queen must now be a worried man.
china, india, brazil, and other emerging markets are in ascendancy.
russians of their biggest gain from the cold war's demise.
why is the search process going on behind closed doors?
what motivated them?
i was a member of the fsf for five years.
but the job is not yet finished.
what is brussels to do?
as a consequence, in most countries, credit is still contracting.
this shortfall will have devastating effects.
but that was the last of samuelson’s successful predictions.
but keynes’s englishman was wealthy and thus exceptional.
during boris yeltsin’s presidency, this criticism became even stronger.
and the plunge is accelerating.
lebanon’s falangist party gave voice to its maronite catholics.
civil society and public opinion must also be included.
the benefits are clear.
here, the new bush administration shows greater intellectual coherence.
the dam has been broken, and the reckoning has begun.
in addition, the unconventional revolution supports over two million jobs.
rabin’s response is etched in my memory.
moreover, the labor-force participation rate remains near historic lows.
but this, too, will fail to bring lasting relief.
what would a good candidate look like?
worst-case scenarios are now baseline scenarios.
do europeans really fear migrants?
but that conclusion would be wrong.
sometimes patience truly is the companion of wisdom.
the imf has now listened.
but nor is it an ally.
we would rather protect historical buildings than human beings.
and yet, a corpse cannot carry out reforms.
all this has a damaging inter-generational impact.
he demonstrated his pedagogic talents during the campaign.
autocracy has been defended in russia as necessary for empire.
in june, students will occupy the university of stockholm.
it was bound to go off the road.
ideally, both developments would take place simultaneously.
perhaps the fiscal observation is a coincidence.
so less risk in aggregate means more risk in aggregate?
greece, frankly, was not their priority.
this normalization of extreme language reflects decades of climate-change alarmism.
germany blames france, and vice versa.
that is 39,000 girl brides every day.
but the authorities already have a lot on their plate.
some of these powers are still emerging economies.
will ex-mexicans choose america’s next president?
senior us officials publicly vilified the station.
clearly, china’s problem is not insufficient assets or liquidity.
falsification of elections became the rule.
the design raises some challenging questions.
bush knows hers strengths and weaknesses, they told me.
why would netanyahu’s government resume a failed policy?
the institutions they attend would not be world-class research universities.
too much time has been wasted already.
some quit their jobs to be able to do so.
it is time to define what comes next.
currency depreciation works by lowering domestic costs in foreign-currency terms.
the opposite of nationalist populism is not globalist elitism.
zhu's record concerning his third promise was more mixed.
that crackdown continues under cover of darkness.
and, theoretically, they are right.
what matters is that the regime has an ideological core.
romney understands that america’s strength relies heavily on free enterprise.
some might find them creepy.
will china lead?
disempowerment causes further collateral damage.
continuing to maintain that stance would be a mistake.
but it cannot work in isolation.
she looks and behaves like a normal human being.
merkel and sarkozy, no doubt, find this prospect highly unattractive.
second, what will happen when it does?
this was always bad history.
it is unified under a strong and focused leadership.
to be sure, trying is better than doing nothing.
yet the invasion went ahead.
from attorney general a.
unemployment soared, the currency depreciated, and food prices rose dangerously.
iran is obstinate, prideful, ambitious, and, yes, sometimes paranoid.
the potential sources of such a shock are legion.
this conflict exists globally.
the honeymoon for the european central bank is over.
but if they leave, it will also escalate, only faster.
it takes time and energy to innovate.
at mid-century, john f.
why did this switch occur and is it permanent?
so how do we keep up this progress?
but, crucially, measures to increase investment can produce faster results.
indeed, fear was the dominant factor in these elections.
of course, there remains serious mistrust among the parties.
yet national governments continue to implement policies that exacerbate injustice.
it created federal insurance for bank deposits.
nearly 100 million children already carry a latent tb infection.
the first is that, frankly, they don’t care.
that autonomy is not based on law.
the actual deal was struck last september.
earth hour teaches us that tackling global warming is easy.
no competition can work without clear, fair rules.
many highly intelligent people suffer from mental illness.
accomplishing this will not be easy.
what can be done to prevent this?
owing to new stimulus measures, china’s growth rate has stabilized.
the attackers on madrid and london represent this model.
these benefits and costs can be reduced to money.
how will the us finance the long-term reconstruction of iraq?
this runs the danger of overdoing it.
but are its sails too tattered to propel europe forward?
the job is only just beginning.
the gcm’s implementation is being overseen by the iom.
but the ecb has now caught up.
kerry represents reason and bush faith.
if not a referendum, then what is to be done?
third, we will invest in innovation.
yes, gates could buy the whole museum.
deregulation had proven to be a dismal failure.
the first condition is a settled territorial arrangement.
fta’s cannot substitute for multilateral liberalization.
this is hard.
four years later, he was in the white house.
these figures are a good deal weaker than originally stated.
even without a political settlement, putin’s strategic achievements are notable.
in other words, they are ideal candidates for collaboration.
thus, no experiments.
the economy will come back to life.
evidence, indeed, exists for the contrary.
snap is already in their sights.
this explanation for the high body count defies belief.
unemployment will rise to 5% at most.
on top of this historical foundation, we build our civilization.
social media algorithms are designed to compete for attention.
"i'm a new generation.
but democracies are facing turbulent times.
all economies of any reasonable size will have some unemployment.
digital finance can boost gdp in several ways.
but asians must not misconstrue obama’s visit.
far from it.
google promises to train one million africans in digital skills.
the chiang mai network is even larger than the cra.
it is going to be much more uncontrolled and dynamic.
love and commitment are the only relevant criteria.
to a long-time activist, today’s climate feels like spring.
this is not surprising.
hayden knows that perfectly well.
now for the bad news.
the obese were not always considered monsters.
this approach goes beyond rhetoric.
public services and environmental regulations will be undermined.
a new deal would be a placebo, not a cure.
in a word, no.
this prevents timely debt workouts when needed, effectively impeding recovery.
monetary policy cannot overcome structural impediments to growth.
macron managed to defeat le pen this time around.
us president george w.
but no significant new barriers to trade have been identified.
trump’s other flagship proposal is a $1 trillion infrastructure program.
but no group has been harder hit than the roma.
unfortunately, that did not happen.
that may be true.
so what sets syriza apart?
an alternative is demanded.
live as negligent, or worse, suspicious neighbors.
italy currently is the eurozone’s weakest link.
the answer seems to be no.
monetary expansion has decelerated.
an independent scottish government would face huge economic costs.
cooperation on migration has similarly regressed.
unfortunately, depositors learned otherwise.
we should resist sacrificing lives simply because of expense.
moreover, the taliban is far from vanquished in afghanistan.
and the election’s outcome is far from certain.
the headwinds are certainly considerable.
finally, flexible labor-market policies seem to be important, too.
but this is no longer a reasonable view.
but this has changed.
systems do not work in isolation.
not surprisingly, their trade deficits have been shrinking.
three years later, he remains on the run.
as productivity increased, salaries and living standards rose.
refugees are particularly vulnerable when they are on the move.
her work was interesting, and she played an important role.
dynamism like this does not stop without a major shock.
these are not two fights, but one.
what will happen to the global economic system?
an entire culture was effectively destroyed by efficient relief.
this is why multiculturalism is so often resisted.
this may be because there is no obvious solution.
but they could easily devolve into a high-modernist fiasco.
they can erode bank profitability by narrowing interest-rate margins.
the real problem is scholarly procedures and priorities, not motives.
so will the world.
frontline health workers are crucial to such a strategy.
each reflects the same logic.
but is it?
and that, supposedly, made him a zionist.
obviously, sterling can’t appreciate and depreciate simultaneously.
official measures extend beyond the realm of central banks, too.
can he make sufficient concessions on borders and jerusalem?
his writings led directly to his execution in august 1966.
iran is the most current example of this.
surprisingly, koizumi was almost successful.
yet india desperately needs doctors.
the ecb needs a more realistic and flexible mandate.
these partly reflect china’s sheer size and impact.
fast-forward some 30 years and the similarities are painfully evident.
legal limbo is the result.
there could be no clearer statement of the multi-stakeholder model.
so the long term could be long in coming.
why am i so optimistic?
both have populations composed largely of people of european descent.
can anything restore the old transatlantic harmony?
i did everything that others did.
output fell and unemployment skyrocketed.
the same is true, over time, with financial disasters.
africa, however, could suffer as a result.
the latter seems the dominant motive.
financial markets do not participate directly in this debate.
he would insist.
being president of an african nation isn't easy.
but can bolivia move away from becoming a quasi-failed state?
microsoft’s largest outside of the us is in beijing.
fighting malaria pays off at least five times the costs.
the resistance will be strong.
no nato member can afford to sir this opportunity.
they are powerful, because they have many nonobvious implications.
no plan for boosting investment.
the options vary from resumed inspections to `regime change'.
europe, meanwhile, is preoccupied with its own crisis.
trump is now the dr.
strangelove of financial markets.
now the british left has embraced a similar folly.
who is responsible – and liable – for data security?
the seventh uncertainty is whether the uk itself can survive.
but no sensible person can seriously desire such an outcome.
we must smother the columns of fire and smoke.
we must not let that happen.
the price of reform has been high.
the first idea is a bad one.
when everything went well, these worries were forgotten.
most of them are old, some of them are unwell.
i think of this as the tech literacy paradox.
mexico saves little, but its investment needs are huge.
but the commitment is important.
but nobody knows by how much.
bush’s administration and policies.
the problem lies in access.
history hints at what a stability-oriented framework could look like.
a chinese recession could again make the situation worse.
in our everyday lives, reason and passions are mixed.
other indicators of human wellbeing debunk the gloomy view.
the regional and multilateral dimensions are similarly inadequate.
moreover, nominal gdp growth exceeds the long-term interest rate.
such environmental change has no link to global warming.
almost immediately, my character was eliminated.
they have a point.
inevitably, a visit also leaves questions.
why investigate and report this scandal?
as ever, children are bearing the brunt.
that lesson has been fully internalized.
but an altruistic approach requires few trade-offs.
my mother’s decision angered me.
in fact, it is too good to be true.
education has a vital role to play.
one possible explanation is mexico’s parallel system of social insurance.
yet the people are not satisfied.
the history of science clearly shows the contrary.
history suggests some grounds for skepticism.
the common currency is now looked at with suspicion.
hoarded cash is king.
audit the fed?
in july of that year, robert s.
it has not even acknowledged that it killed hers son.
it certainly cannot be closed overnight.
the second claim will be trickier to prove.
but long-term prospects are certain to deteriorate.
that has turned out not to be the case.
one example of overly timid policies involves policing.
those were her last words.
smart money is buying the euro — not bashing it.
killing is never to be undertaken lightly.
but sport was somehow different.
are today’s really so different?
annan usually maintains an unruffled, dignified demeanor.
so what could happen when those flows are reversed?
their situation, always tenuous, dramatically worsened.
still, we persist.
kremlin support has made serbia’s nationalist intransigence over kosovo effective.
big companies, too, are getting in on the act.
our fascists didn't create today's grievances.
democratizing globalization will take time.
that is obviously not the case now.
they will never leave the hometree [their sacred land].
it seeks to dominate, and deaden, the whole economy, too.
ndira had been taken by the police from hers home.
in a sense, this is hardly surprising.
nevertheless, it is crucial.
several complex things are now happening simultaneously.
water, fertilizer, and pesticides should be used more efficiently.
what it needs is a push – more aggregate demand.
each of these doctrines has proved to be wrong.
september 11 th is the second scare story.
but we were not equal.
japan thus became the focus of chinese attention.
not surprisingly, central banks do not like this argument.
saudi arabia is not out to get the zaidis.
some workers will become managers.
the old people shattered by a burglary.
the election produced a political stalemate.
she entered into difficult negotiations with the congressional leadership.
who threatens our identity?
but it isn’t baffling at all.
with regard to iraq, since george w.
a third candidate, chris christie, has threatened war with russia.
such policies have been controversial.
the good news is that he may not have to.
but, to paraphrase joseph schumpeter, it is also destructive.
both sides would be pragmatic and moderate in their demands.
are we free not to be radiated or groped?
two fundamental modifications are required.
growth requires financial institutions that lend to domestic firms.
and that would push a 7%-of-gdp fiscal deficit to 11%.
so india turned 180 degrees.
the economy soon steamed ahead.
at stake is an entire generation of european digital entrepreneurs.
that, too, is unlikely to change under saakashvili.
both theories are internally consistent.
we can see hints of that future now.
a more democratic iraq has become a more violent iraq.
what’s driving this divergence?
would this produce an acceptable outcome for the seller?
austerity and demoralization
can global rules prevent national self-harm?
for now, political expedience favors the status quo.
madrid – the mediterranean is undergoing a monumental political transformation.
only people linked to the regime appear to differ.
why did trial and sentence proceed in a rush?
to my mind, though, the greatest risk is geopolitical instability.
we are still reeling today.
keeping that promise is long past due.
the resolution mechanism for bad banks is incomprehensible and unworkable.
the result of these efforts remains to be seen.
many of these conditions pervade prisons worldwide.
but mffp could easily produce too much demand.
princeton – “i will take my life today around noon.
one of those drivers is excessive labor-market flexibility.
in addition, export expectations for german manufacturing are heading south.
this may seem an old-fashioned term.
how obvious is that?
soon, ancient sites would be ruined.
moreover, the share of trade taxes is typically low.
but the cuts need not be abrupt.
the us should not, however, drop pakistan.
one might be tempted to say: so what?
the money power never surrenders easily.
part of the challenge is procedural.
it was a remarkable speech.
but there have been other lapses, too.
that could prove to be a highly inflammatory cocktail.
it is time to end this impunity.
in fact, germany is one country with two souls.
the resistible rise of asia?
in western europe, the welfare state helps these people.
moreover, the long-term impact of free trade is huge.
no holds were barred.
the first is to create awareness within communities.
now, however, a growing array of activities can be automated.
these are valid concerns.
this has helped save countless lives.
but life will go on, because it has to.
they need more holy warriors.
its gravitational equivalent cannot.
that’s the bad news.
since katrina, issuance has accelerated.
iraq’s elections have turned up the pressure even more.
should anything be done about this?
kennedy to george h.w.
no nation has been spared.
this reflects centuries of evolution.
markets clearly were not self-correcting.
the difference is literally one of degrees - educational degrees.
some journalists have difficulty getting responses even to direct requests.
this is unacceptable, but it is not inevitable.
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame.
a first demonstration was made 100 years ago.
standards of living rose nearly ten-fold during this period.
the referendum is the most immediate unknown.
then, too, pacifism had nothing to do with what happened.
all of this is welcome, at least in principle.
in addition, china has recently pledged 1,000 troops.
the aspect it stresses is military power.
“you’ll probably find out after it’s happened,” he taunted.
nor have hers bluster and ill temper improved matters.
diplomats say kim brazenly plays on chinese fears.
part of the blame also lies with bad market timing.
pollsters predicted a technical draw.
there are many layers of explanation.
the report includes five notable observations.
those agendas are certainly making a political comeback.
how can the emerging order become more inclusive and legitimate?
is the tpp good for america?
likewise, hank paulson, geithner’s predecessor under president george w.
the situation is even worse in europe.
psychiatry remains dependent on interpretation of detailed case histories.
ibm’s president, thomas j.
but the bishops’ economics is impeccable.
liberia now, zimbabwe next?
bush’s disastrous wars.
such patronage extends to the military establishment itself.
can civilian control of the military be established?
but serious problems remain.
external crises have a long history in the region.
chinese officials are well aware that these changes are coming.
let’s start with the last one.
business groups attempted to capture specific markets.
china will pay dearly for this mistake.
many other oceanic bodies face a similar future.
the truce is not nearly as good for china.
step in, prodi!
second, embrace the ambition of others.
those who had doubts about george w.
bush’s invasion of iraq were “appeasers,” akin to neville chamberlain.
this alone will probably cost more than 1% of gdp.
is christianity losing to islam?
hypertexts will render obsolete printed encyclopedia.
the cases in spain and ukraine are not isolated incidents.
there are two major obstacles to solving the malaria problem.
why are the wealthier healthier?
implementation and accountability are key.
but senegal’s democracy hangs in the balance.
what explains this big “eu effect”?
and two other kenyan banks.
with domestic spending subdued, they have been relying on exports.
and those contrasts suggest useful lessons for other emerging countries.
two forums are making great strides.
relations with vladimir putin’s russia will be repaired.
trump’s palestine quandary
it is time for immediate action.
but the debate may also go the other way.
delay is not an option.
and offsetting spending cuts provides no safety valve.
so there is no mistress currency at all any more.
this is a reasonable expectation.
in reality, both factors are at work.
they still do.
this judgment is not limited to particular cultures.
third, macroeconomic stability, investment, and growth are mutually reinforcing.
won’t they be tarred as irresponsible, or worse?
children, the evidence suggests, also need school.
brown’s reputation for fiscal prudence evaporated with the great recession.
what, then, is going on?
they can attack again and again without risking serious consequences.
this grassroots diversity in “green policymaking” makes economic sense.
but their paper is really about a different subject.
was that the case in greece?
the situation is quite different in the us.
now it looks as if hers words have trapped him.
but they can succeed by displaying comparable wisdom and foresight.
by contrast, investment disputes can be launched by corporations themselves.
a second area of concern is monetary policy.
latin america’s abortion laws are among the world’s most restrictive.
but this is not about greece any longer.
“they check on prisoners every three minutes,” he said.
our young do.
such concerns cannot be dismissed.
there is some truth to this.
the president herself seems not very interested in economics.
in many cases, authoritarian rulers lack legitimacy.
implementing such reforms, however, looks increasingly unrealistic.
they reflect the instincts of polish voters.
compare russia and china.
there is no need for an election to determine that.
indeed, germany was the driving force behind the sgp’s creation.
it thrives on division.
but none of these is the deficit that really matters.
from this description, certain straightforward facts flow.
the us is no exception.
perhaps he need not have worried.
but time to secure a new deal is running out.
new life for the sdr?
sub-4% unemployment rates have become extremely rare in the us.
trump is doubling down.
but the scares do not stop there.
and that is the only reason i need.
here, collaboration among the e3, in particular, is crucial.
at home, merkel can hope to reap the rewards.
i went to university myself in 1962.
it is also bad news for america and china.
so she did, and in a very clever way.
stability seemed to be returning.
the pundits dive in.
democracy will push the ruling family forward.
this can have a profound global impact.
consider this: lighting accounts for 19% of world energy consumption.
institutions embody and reinforce a society’s rules.
subjective experience is the most basic form of consciousness.
big data will also disrupt much of the financial sector.
of course, matters could become much worse.
what could be more democratic?
it has proven to be a lethal combination.
this is one of those times.
regulators are caught in a crossfire of conflicting expectations.
by 1941, it was at war with the united states.
but the hour was growing late.
lately, however, promising solutions have been increasingly elusive.
nor could monetary policy help very much.
it is now a matter of implementation.
but that’s precisely the problem.
this is not good.
may actually opposed brexit.
mali is now a hub of african jihadi groups.
it could unwind remarkably quickly.
here, too, the problem has several solutions.
the same applies in somalia.
first, the british reason.
it is too rigid and centralized to handle crises.
hobbes warned us.
if he chooses to run, he must leave the imf.
this may be where cao got hers 35% manufacturing-tax figure.
unfortunately, bangladesh is not alone in favoring extreme measures.
these developments amount to a sea change in economics.
nor is it always even constructive.
signs of hamas’s shifting perspective are becoming increasingly apparent.
rather, higher costs will be passed on to western consumers.
so fiscal consolidation is the royal road to economic recovery.
macron is full of good intentions.
deng’s principles still guide policy today.
forget target zones.
yet the horrors were plentiful.
besides, an international organization already exists to protect intellectual property.
the quake itself killed perhaps 100,000 people.
to be sure, russia will continue to challenge europe.
there is no way to know which it will be.
learning from experience is the most common and most powerful.
this experience also provides some insight into china’s position.
this requires increased investment in innovation and human capital.
this is why rating agencies’ opinions are so valuable.
indeed, does it even exist?
the rest of the story is well known.
surprisingly, prices rebounded in some places in 2009.
no single recipe exists for economic advancement.
others have a special interest.
the approach is simple and powerful.
he blames french society.
clearly, the regime is not interested in entertaining opposing views.
education does the opposite.
will next time be different?
hostility between us, being unnecessary, was absent.
they must recognize that the us today is a tinderbox.
is the shine off macron?
first, governments’ debt soared and their credit ratings plummeted.
with satellites, television became a global, interlocking network.
too many us presidents fancy themselves churchill’s true heirs.
the purpose of higher education is evolving.
science is still putting up a fight.
one of china’s premier megacities has long been shanghai.
statistics are helpful.
but there are high costs associated with intellectual property.
that’s not a lot of bang for the buck.
outdoor air pollution worsens as societies first leave extreme poverty.
a fish rots from the head.
were they worried about offending the bush administration?
while classical economists such as paul rosenstein-rodan, albert o.
for one thing, the term “framework program” will be scrapped.
a modern economy also requires risk-taking.
they are starting to act.
the hostess government, south korea, was especially dynamic here.
but the system may finally be unraveling.
bush should invite ahmadinejad to washington.
the country’s prosperity is simply overwhelming.
only an imperial russia, however, would dare reabsorb ukraine.
yet mainstream european conservative parties--often christian democrats--continue to attract voters.
that is far from being the case today.
who could that be?
central bank inflation targets are now normally set at 2%.
global warming is a long-term problem.
instead, she has given hers emotions free rein.
he was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
the group identified the gaps that need explanation.
but latin america should also be on its guard.
russia’s bilateral relationship with china is no different.
will exchange rates between the major currencies be dangerously unstable?
what did cheney believe?
in his final words, he proclaimed his innocence.
only the georgian issue is really serious.
“the aqueduct,” concedes a sheepish co-conspirator.
the country’s future hinges on it.
sequencing a vampire
others are congenitally distrustful.
prime minister…”; “as you wish, mr.
why is us inflation so low?
one reason for this is inadequate aggregate demand.
give it a chance.
but that outcome was not inevitable.
thus, in his view, hitler was not a leader.
globalization has not lifted all boats.
but that does not let media organizations off the hook.
convergence criteria soon.
the us government is trying to help.
they were quickly rendered irrelevant.
that resolve is one of the strengths of democracy.
some are doing very well, indeed.
but this was based on shameless legal legerdemain.
but ever since george w.
west africa’s jewel is fracturing.
there are many places where savings can be made.
that is what we must reflect upon.
samuelson was a convinced keynesian, though in a limited sense.
is ukraine next?
by all reasonable accounts, cordray did a terrific job.
that agreement must be fair, scientifically rigorous, and comprehensive.
yet this is exactly what some germans have recently proposed.
surviving human trafficking in china
can europe be saved?
indeed, journalists often mask their identity to document abuses.
this should come as no surprise.
legal chaos would result.
happy new year.
in most of sub-saharan africa, women rarely own land.
part of the attraction is enhanced participation.
how can governments rise to the challenge?
so what should latin american economies do?
but can the islamists be trusted?
tung (and later, his protégé, leung) also misunderstood his mission.
first, it would be gradualist, implemented over several years.
who is to blame for this state of affairs?
in any case, china should also reduce costly foreign liabilities.
parity with pakistan would lower india’s standards.
but what about the future?
from this perspective, liu xiaobo’s critical views were indeed subversive.
the end of austria's social partnership?
these divisions, obscured by saddam’s totalitarianism, never went away.
like all bubbles, this one is bound to burst.
néstor ridiculed president george w.
delivery problems abound in the war zones, but not everywhere.
but the german court’s case against it is strong.
is the perfect storm over for markets?
shanghai – the chinese economy faces an enormously challenging transition.
but the west did not appreciate this gesture.
of course, merkel cannot be written off yet.
this is strange.
but resilience will not be enough.
for farmers, this means deeper debt.
it certainly did not prevent an accelerated arms race.
there are several ways to recapitalize europe’s weak banks.
that will take time.
then we squabble about what to do.
feldstein’s position was not popular among other reaganites.
that is not small change by anyone’s definition.
but it is just the beginning.
who needs more white saviors?
milan – the global economy is undergoing a far-reaching transformation.
on friday night, reality struck us with a vengeance.
and it has no infrastructure policy to address supply-side bottlenecks.
hers only ideology nowadays is daniel ortega.
the question is what happens after that.
and in many cases, government agricultural banks went bankrupt.
throughout the rich world, poverty has come roaring back.
the crowd’s sole demand was that lahoud step down.
what will happen when it stops doing so?
a national sports policy can be conducive to good results.
the market for issuance of such bonds will move elsewhere.
there is, of course, nothing new to this idea.
what sort of union would that be?
but orbitz became too powerful for them.
now we cannot imagine our lives without them.
to that end, i have three suggestions.
china’s challenge, however, may be more difficult.
in a new report, “poorer than their parents?
the same cannot be said of the us.
this has happened before.
it is bad enough mr.
wall street is pushing back, of course.
a hundred times?
why work at work?
two actions are urgently needed.
fine phrasemaking, but what does it really mean?
that was certainly true of khomeini.
but that implies that they also contribute to maintaining it.
filing for what is essentially bankruptcy was a sensible move.
keynes’s economics was about the logic of choice under uncertainty.
it’s not that i am a genius.
the situation in europe is not very different.
consider the automotive industry.
more worrying are scandals within the governing coalition.
divisions within the opposition movements are thus inevitable.
on august 15, 1971, president richard m.
yet most indians are offering unstinting support.
this infuriates china.
there are limits to how quickly a country can reform.
neither would be good for the global economy.
there are obvious pitfalls, to be sure.
but the movement was about much more.
uncertainties persist over nato’s relationship with russia.
a naughty child is only cured by dialogue and example.
market forces are increasingly favoring clean energy over fossil fuels.
the opposition, as usual, benefits considerably from its simple message.
we, by contrast, are social animals.
enlightened self-interest must overcome such political obstacles.
or she can let history judge her even more harshly.
golubchuk’s children argue that he interacts with them.
today, many people derive their self-esteem from their jobs.
daoud concludes, “islam is an outrage against desire.
across the continent children are increasingly scarce.
it is a view that is not entirely wrong.
how can such a scenario be realized?
brazil has seen the light - the hard way.
but productivity is not the point of social media.
so, instead, modi ran a very different sort of campaign.
"no way," argued boris.
but just two months earlier, in frankfurt, mr.
after all, le pen and bannon are both political rejects.
i gave similar general advice in these countries.
but the trip is about more than getting acquainted.
the demographic challenge is daunting.
presumably, mueller had attached one to his report.
real-time data planning and smart routing are already a reality.
but more and more europeans are disillusioned with the union.
but these solutions have delivered little respite.
decent senior officers have been quitting in large numbers.
abe has, however, encountered several obstacles.
look in our fields.
it was not supposed to be like this.
the indebtedness forecasts were correct.
again, bush left her hanging.
will germany permit joint european security?
bush's chief economic advisor, this is not rocket science.
a newer insight would be: multilingualism broadens the mind.
kyoto would not have saved new orleans from hurricane katrina.
insecurity about jobs is a defining characteristic of our age.
today communal violence ravages hers home state gujarat.
that is exactly what happened.
romney probably cannot get away with this sleight-of-hand, either.
exxonmobil’s brazenness should be deeply troubling for its shareholders.
why don’t all the tests cover the same genes?
trade sanctions should be used only against non-democratic countries.
why would any wise shopper accept such a bad bargain?
they want much wider latitude to intervene.
and yet changes currently afoot might just turn things around.
iran’s diplomatic outposts were burned, and its goods boycotted.
overwhelming obstacles block the formation of new companies.
but this is a fallacy.
andré glucksmann is a philosopher and essayist.
salt water came streaming into open subways.
but israel did more than defend itself.
workers would be prevented from moving.
so what is left of all this today?
the death toll has risen sharply in recent years.
trumpi understands little about economics.
i consider fact-checkers to be the altar girls of journalism.
can anyone imagine such a prosecution occurring in the eu?
but trump has worse problems.
only in exceptional cases can this presumption be overturned.
but two other developments are possible.
brazil has issued thousands of humanitarian visas to syrians.
nobody can afford to ignore it.
major scientific organizations have protested, without result.
it was past time that voters did so.
and isn’t that what the cia is doing already?
it is overwhelming.
about 60% of puerto rico’s children live in poverty.
the truth is simple: more money buys more opportunities.
unemployment, underemployment, and migration pressures will drop.
the simplest is that things really are that bad.
then there is pakistan – and yemen.
but the vast majority of africans lag far behind.
moreover, several risks lie ahead.
and how high will the fed push up interest rates?
the west should use that fact to its fullest advantage.
i simply do not know.
such economies need not follow the same blueprint.
these businesses would not be allowed to exist otherwise.
but we do not fear trees.
but this isn't what ails their economies now .
china seems unable or unwilling to moderate its neighbor’s behavior.
europeans have begun to recognize this.
take the imf.
syrian refugees now comprise one-third of all lebanese public-school students.
foreign travel was for soldiers, diplomats, and rich people.
simply put, businesses, like plants, take time to grow.
europe was fragmenting financially.
then molina himself stepped down and was arrested immediately.
this division of labor had important ramifications for women.
but, of course, demand- and supply-side arguments are inextricably linked.
history suggests as much.
neither assumption applies today.
first, the local entrepreneur serves as a role model.
for chinese liberals, afghanistan is fraught with ethnic threats.
prosecution must become the rule.
so some parts of it will have to transform.
competition for the market drove innovation.
my guess is that most readers will say yes.
the trends are similar elsewhere in europe.
national competition authorities in countries like britain were silenced.
yet most of africa’s people remain impoverished.
how can changing a single gene do this?
china also has a variety of short-run problems.
such newfound wealth is normally a source of celebration.
it is, in short, the last colony in africa.
these fears and resentments exist everywhere, now more than ever.
as a consequence, germany-bashing is now in fashion.
the result was significant progress, but still not quite enough.
so ended the first european union.
but the imf’s experience exposes significant challenges in implementation.
the committee routinely rubber-stamped hers salary demands.
to all of these questions, there are no simple answers.
so what is the actual tax burden on chinese enterprises?
it’s time to get started.
until now, mbs has considered herself above the law.
she did this because, in mrs.
watanabe’s day, marriage was the final workplace.
some local museums display fascinating objects.
india has one foot on the ladder to global prominence.
let’s hope that business roundtable et al.
sec does not mean the same thing for shareholder democracy.
my story of escape began in 1998.
the latest sanctions are unprecedented.
the reality is different.
my mother is a housekeeper.
anti-americanism could also rally support to his side.
more than 200,000 people have died.
but we should not exaggerate the importance of this point.
that is no longer an option.
the us does not and forces the conflict.
and, initially, the nba did just that.
contributions have been made by companies large and small.
van rompuy’s proposals are extremely dangerous and could destroy europe.
bush’s hopes for a free-trade area in the americas.
these partnership mechanisms already exist.
recent findings, however, show otherwise.
the failed state of egypt?
even a lukewarm russian attitude would block massive investments.
instead, the region has witnessed a policy of unilateral steps.
but popular sentiment remains raw.
the international economic consequences of mrs.
but there have to be resources to channel.
surmounting these challenges will not be easy.
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that he lacked charisma.
multilateralism should be preserved, with or without the us.
they turn to different criteria: who has the bigger income?
the shrinking north
being overweight is obvious.
my beliefs are born out of personal experience.
that’s a good thing; such surveillance is the imf’s responsibility.
oslo – education is a human right.
i share this consensus view.
his job hasn’t been easy.
whatever happened to eu subsidiarity?
is doping wrong?
as thomas l.
so, what would an artificial photosynthetic system look like?
what will happen to argentina in the next 25 years?
institutionally, the eu has become germany writ large.
finance is being segmented and renationalized.
decline is a misleading metaphor.
a quick look at recent european history confirms this fear.
the world today has moved into such a schumpeterian opportunity.
what can be done?
petersburg, and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok.
in both cases, he was met with skepticism and apathy.
but this quartet is not alone on the stage.
the company’s reasoning is straightforward and compelling.
she has done exactly the opposite.
chile is hardly alone in this category.
while this is all good news, it requires some context.
but its reaction has been counterproductive.
this has important policy implications.
unfortunately, erdoğan seems intent on missing this opportunity as well.
but it is time to take courage.
of course, that was no ordinary downturn.
vehicle emissions are a major contributor to dirty air everywhere.
instead, he thought that radical unilateral action was required.
yet he remained unenthusiastic.
both projects sought to construct a genuinely supranational europe.
whether they realize it or not, leaders always convey signals.
in mathematics at the university of california-berkeley.
again, the result will be collapse of the peg.
but is that a good thing?
privately, however, the us is backing the incumbent, nouri al-maliki.
by that standard, she would not have wanted sarkozy.
current-account disparities often pit one country against another.
millions may have been made homeless.
cameron is not a known racist, or a bigot.
but there may be hope for refugees stuck in moria.
closed systems are necessary to prevent islamists from taking power.
eisenhower left the white house in 1961.
they will lose influence.
unemployment is rising – and with it populist posturing.
the deer invested $13 billion.
trump is knowingly and brazenly jeopardizing the planet.
why do equal citizenship rights not achieve their purpose?
nonetheless, the choice of lagarde has met with criticism.
the chinese, in particular, appear to have lost patience.
but, by itself, stimulus is not the answer.
greater international cooperation would maximize immigration’s economic benefits.
critics of the euro have always asked: why not?
this undoubtedly had a negative impact on productivity growth.
shevardnadze's homeland of georgia was then seen as incomparably wealthy.
consider some of the most egregious examples.
but how can significant new growth initiatives be financed?
waiting is not part of the solution.
indeed, polls show that the party could still finish first.
and ethnic nationalism unleashes emotions that are almost always undesirable.
the world is a study in contrasts nowadays.
as new york investment strategist kathy a.
these were left in the hands of national regulators.
the voters will enthusiastically elect anyone who has putin’s blessing.
but that is not the case for america’s wealthy allies.
it can stifle public debate.
traditional farming uses few inputs and gets poor yields.
everyone agrees that others will follow.
churches and mosques were soon being burned in communal riots.
this is america's declared goal.
brazil, india, and mexico will gain a 40% increase.
sovereignty is no longer a sanctuary.
first, round up the usual suspects.
governments are increasingly called to assist their own companies.
yet developing countries have the most at stake.
she replied that she wanted to be an engineer.
in the past, culture was tied to privilege and wealth.
as a result, our global energy institutions are woefully inadequate.
all that is missing are the jowls.
and they must design uhc programs accordingly.
democratic peoples know and trust each other.
so what will happen?
the parallels between now and 1981 are very close.
hard brexit is, in essence, an amputation.
it’s not as if asian consumer demand is dormant.
and it’s not just guinea.
the unloved dollar standard
you turn, looking for the speaker.
the eu needs a strong leader again.
the situation of indonesia is revealing.
the european union’s silence is perhaps the most disturbing.
al qaeda retains cells in some fifty countries.
suddenly, the eurozone had become a straightjacket.
almost everywhere, these processes are heavily reliant on fossil fuels.
but will americans’ newfound moderation last?
that is when his next ordeal began.
that means loosening the 3%-of-gdp limit on fiscal deficits, too.
applying pressure won't be easy.
people clinging to buses.
it is morally and practically vital that they succeed.
but did these policy changes come too late?
there are lawless democracies and undemocratic “states of law” (rechtsstaat).
a month later, the current war in afghanistan started.
but so what?
so why do i hope that they resist that temptation?
this value is humanity.
they comprise a significant minority, loud and well organized.
first, growth beats redistribution.
it is clear what has happened.
such fundamental texts are not easily born.
we no longer hear worries about secular stagnation.
central banks generously provided liquidity.
indeed, the threat of fascism is real.
electricity has given humanity huge benefits.
anderson’s focus was the rise of nationalism.
remedial action can no longer be delayed.
china remains the champion, with a growth rate around 10%.
unlike then, however, russia’s prospects are looking up.
coca-cola is that farmer.
we all know how that turned out last time.
this argument rests on the assumption of perfect knowledge.
it means turkey’s admission to the eu.
but what is to be done – and by whom?
such “rent-creating” corruption is quite expensive and corrosive of growth.
there is also a political angle.
this strategy may find imitators.
has a good record for two-way disclosure.
to an extremely limited extent, they do.
apparently they are.
most likely, that something would come at china’s expense.
after solidarity: democracy or liberalism?
he will vote for populist policies.
what was on offer in the past is no longer.
but he did not leave.
but many countries have large trade surpluses or weak currencies.
that, not austerity, is greece’s real problem.
it means re-thinking our strategy.
consider the case of the us and japan.
how would the veil of ignorance work in a boardroom?
and he remains in power.
nobel laureate economist joseph e.
the risks extend far beyond economics.
beijing – it is indisputable that china is over-issuing currency.
who knows what might happen in china tomorrow.
inefficient use of our resources remains the norm.
what is the most effective method?
at what cost?
in 1993, bogota suffered 80 murders per 100,000 people.
but some utterances may get lost in translation.
but it is too late for clarifications.
can the stability pact be reformed?
other tools include suspending tourist travel and blocking fishing access.
the numbers speak for themselves.
horrific terror attacks struck many countries.
a crisis playbook for big tech
2.
bush, and hers war-mongering sidekick, dick cheney.
on multilateral issues, obama’s performance is equally unimpressive.
but this, too, is smoke and mirrors.
there is such a thing as being too late.
us secretary of state hillary clinton won.
globalization is here to stay.
but appeasement is not one of the lessons.
the ecb’s policymakers are not blind, merely shortsighted.
we also believe in alliances and treaties.
and movie directors?
solidarity is not a one-way street.
they are inherently multilateral and require cooperation for their solution.
but the regime’s ambitions cannot be denied.
monuments move back and forth.
it is time for a solution.
the chief executive has shown staggering political ineptitude.
in europe, economic policy needs more democratic legitimacy, not less.
we don’t need your patronage or your support.
time might be running out for him, too.
georgia and moldova arelined up to start similar negotiations.
worse yet, the military remains outside civilian control.
there is no alternative.
has the time come to take them at their word?
populist movements tend to focus on blame.
china is already a top carbon dioxide emitter.
macron created his own party.
second, africa’s political landscape is liberalizing.
zhu assessed hers progress.
all of this is having dire environmental consequences.
greed was just taking a temporary break.
but that danger is long past.
does a country have a robust banking system?
the fed is.
but the book is almost entirely non-theoretical.
nonetheless, the current macroeconomic policy mix could be improved.
for now, high-octane worries about protectionism are probably overdone.
self-pity lay close to the surface.
maintaining a diversity of suppliers is also vital.
asia-pacific leaders must shake off their complacency.
a second possible precipitating factor is geopolitical risk.
there are, of course, always two sides to these stories.
the toxic triad can become salutary.
is allowing something like a free press.
unwittingly, the blancos borrowed his ideology.
second, economic policies have greatly improved.
two major experimental observations underpinned this expectation.
as deepfakes become widespread, overall trust in video will decline.
when crisis struck, that confidence quickly faded, and investors fled.
this is a strikingly bad idea.
to succeed, however, humans need to undertake four major transformations.
democracy is slowly spreading around the world.
the government’s capacity to invest is under severe pressure.
the upsurge is not limited to asia.
soon after, cardinal kasper's visit was canceled.
but the latent potential of those demonstrations soon became apparent.
it will be china’s year in 2008.
greece, one hopes, will remain in the eurozone.
the commission fears just the opposite.
poverty is a major driver of child marriage.
his business associates were incentivized to look the other way.
everyone extols property rights.
several promising proposals are under consideration.
is finance too competitive?
finance is yet another area requiring significant surgery.
asunción – what is poverty?
so much the better.
the challenge today is to channel such passions into results.
this is the breach into which bachelet steps.
mcculloch’s parrot would call this conclusive.
on june 1, dr.
obviously, such instructions would never be found.
after all, that is certainly not what governments are offering.
the average in the oecd in 2013 was $9,200.
ukrainians need not wait long to improve their lives.
as president george w.
but others are not so sure.
scott in “dr.
unfortunately, this cannot go on forever.
the second concern relates to the issue of risk-taking itself.
more than half of the economy is unofficial and untaxed.
the practices of racism are historical, political, and cultural phenomena.
he deserves the chance to finish what he started.
the imf could then be shown the door.
think about it.
yet there is no reason for china to declare victory.
regions suitable for farming will shift.
policymakers need to act.
local officials soon began to broaden their attack.
and the overall trend is even clearer.
much depends on how the greek crisis plays out.
yet it could have been much worse.
mouffe thus confines him analysis to western europe.
four steps are needed to restart such a process.
consumerism depended on a radical notion of individualism.
will syria come in from the cold?
so far, so good.
france has since joined the list.
the us continues to view such a treaty as unverifiable.
we put each challenge on an equal footing.
to accomplish the latter would require trimming strategic ambitions.
but actual reconstruction and recovery is delayed, perhaps for years.
the eu does not have a queen elizabeth.
the line in the sand that president george w.
the issues at stake are wide-ranging.
educate a girl, and you benefit a community.
the bretton woods system collapsed four years later.
and trump is hardly known for keeping his balance.
and she always was.
resources come first.
fiscal contraction is contractionary, period.
its implementation will be a test of russia’s good faith.
so governments should stop jawing and take their medicine.
in short, conventional expectations were disappointed all round.
it has since added formidably to its debt liabilities.
and hers white house has no coherent decision-making process.
still, the clinton administration was more than a bystander.
this is as explicit as opposition can get.
that misses the point.
bhutan has embarked on such a serious journey.
but he does not go far enough.
historically, innovation has generated faster growth and good jobs.
the starbucks-ice backed company is known as bakkt.
sustainable development is the only path to sustainable peace.
we know who they are.
that is how trump got elected.
most important, employees need role models.
the wilcox paper thus supports continued monetary ease in 2014.
should it be only the terminally ill?
real wages in the country plummeted by around 10%.
the bush bust?
the bush administration made numerous foreign-policy blunders with far-reaching consequences.
tougher controls have already delivered results.
indeed, the opposite is more likely.
but there is one exception to this formulation: sugar.
but this model is clearly outdated.
if anything, the soviet experience was an exception.
but services do not exist in a vacuum.
the currencies collapsed, and the banking sectors collapsed.
of course, this idea has been suggested before.
the plan comprises five key priorities.
they will have to offer real solutions, not simplistic schemes.
the us must also calculate what the europeans will accept.
instead, moods are created by subliminal effect.
what are we to make of all this?
here the story is simple.
austria, far wealthier, was not.
now, they ardently desire a better future.
without perseverance, there can be no progress.
in the second presidential debate, george w.
second, national development strategies matter a lot.
the second issue is the budget.
the reason is simply the absence of personal risk.
the fourth and most immediately consequential peace process concerns syria.
we will not keep them.
so meritocracy seems preferable, at least at first sight.
china’s iranian interests boil down to economics.
louis, missouri, and other cities.
introducing a climate and biodiversity vice president would facilitate this.
chaos, once again, seems at hand.
tourism could have absorbed many of these unemployed youth.
consider highway development.
only it is actually far from airtight.
the politics of this transition, however, will be harshly uncertain.
in fact, the us-eu-japanese troika does have a case.
what is wrong with sub-saharan africa?
some 260 million children are not even in school.
yet the world still needs american leadership.
it symbolized china’s emergence as a global power.
what can halt this?
there are still challenges ahead.
regulators had started to act long before zuckerberg’s appeal.
it has now become mainstream.
which is why he has done all right.
and this particular banker finances the pentagon’s entire budget.
asia has been gripped by election fever all year.
but contemplating military action does not mean endorsing it.
the meeting was chaired by prince albert.
but the american approach is supposed to be different.
economists are not really surprised at this.
so emdcs find themselves in a real bind.
today, that kind of language is kept at arm’s length.
nkrumah invited w.e.b.
the nuclear portfolio, for example, remains exclusively under khamenei’s control.
shortages of electricity also cost lives.
this is a myth.
but it is not all bad news.
the result, however, is that everybody loses.
the talks on pan-european missile-defense cooperation might come in handy.
biedroń wants to change that.
so does the public reject obamacare?
i think it has to do with fear.
some are urgent (but not necessarily important) work-related questions.
people are, in a sense, socially homeless.
towards the east, many contradictions must be reconciled.
a responsibility to protect iraqis?
others have filled this vacuum.
one-party government weakens accountability and breeds hubris.
this is an obscene perversion of proper religious faith.
which policies should have priority?
indeed, when indian foreign minister s.
the economists douglass north, daron acemoglu, and james a.
the key role of energy in global problems is clear.
the bush administration's flip-flops and missteps are legion.
but this rather misses the point.
like you, like everyone, i am heartbroken.
we need greater innovation in finding solutions.
there is no mystery about what is going on.
steel comprises a relatively homogeneous class of goods.
in others, the blight spreads.
its benefits and its disadvantages penetrate more deeply.
greece’s problems are not new.
europe has quite plainly overextended itself.
selecting our children raises more profound ethical problems.
macroeconomic decisions are made by independent central banks.
second, china’s wage levels are rising rapidly.
is germany catching trump’s tax disease?
the third surprise, however, may be the most interesting.
such reforms will not occur overnight.
isolationist policies, by contrast, always lead to shortages and discontent.
trump wilted under putin’s impassive kgb-trained gaze.
consistent with this, the us military presence is decreasing.
defend "family values", whatever that means.
of course they can’t, but that is largely irrelevant.
asians were naturally obedient to higher authority.
new players can materialize seemingly out of nowhere.
tv journalists rebelled, occupying the station's newsroom.
as a result, the prospect of closer cooperation remains distant.
would intermittent therapy be as useful as long-term treatment?
and it is easy to see why.
thus, they may be offered voting rights.
collapse it did, in 1991.
alternatively, they can work longer and receive higher benefits.
in fact, the opposite could be true.
consider the iphone.
there is another scenario that also terrifies fatah leaders.
the coexistence of disparate ideas cultivates competition and progress.
it is not enough to hope for the best.
the communist party represented china’s destiny as a great power.
but this perception is not entirely accurate.
he later went after rep.
that completed the polarization of american politics.
societies, cultures, and potential markets change.
the population is more estranged than ever.
the calculus behind china’s emerging national security strategy is simple.
consider an individual who earns income x and spends y.
we want to feel good right now.
hers language is one of resistance to conquest.
these are not the same thing.
that is the bombastic language of absolute monarchy.
there is no reason why not.
it is here that political leaders should devote their efforts.
cutting them back is what should happen.
thiel’s argument may be correct.
initially, the campaign seemed to succeed.
yes, most of us live in peace and security.
so fischer, while able, is not enabled.
but it is far from airtight.
more recently, it sustained assad’s appalling tyranny.
institutions have also helped.
first, american guarantees are no longer reliable.
in a domestic setting, bankruptcy and default are common.
the problem was with the proposal.
the saudi strategy is not without its costs.
the brics countries’ critical shortcoming is poor governance.
not until committee strongwoman c.
furthermore, germany’s new policymakers had demonstrated their financial seriousness.
the “european idea” will almost certainly survive.
fortunately, raghuram g.
large markups are contributing to high corporate profits.
but relations between erdoğan and the gülenists have soured.
on the other hand, the terms of trade have improved.
the omt program is a step in this direction.
soon, the world economy was a thicket of trade barriers.
we repeatedly rescued bubbles, and never deliberately burst them.
and then nothing.
us intelligence, inc.
the world’s focus is now on palestine.
but it seems that existing arrangements are no longer adequate.
and who or what should take assad’s place?
it is westernization.
either way, the dollar collapse has to continue.
more than 4,200 died in 2014 alone.
that decision concerns the constitutional treaty and its prospects.
rather, the issue was their place in indian society.
in the 1870s, another round of defaults engulfed 11 states.
finally, there is germany’s firm commitment to price stability.
some countries were never invited to this game of blackmail.
which are dismissed with little comment?
if that was bad, india’s political orientation was worse.
i asked them to set priorities for the world.
so an exclusively “afghan solution” is not possible.
i have taught courses on cba for many years.
but the news is not all good.
with good reason.
social exclusion and personalized power through wealth are always unacceptable.
call this mechanism a type of kinetic form of sdih.
the cost-benefit ratio is even higher in developing countries.
but china is no ordinary trading partner.
when these clauses work, they streamline debt restructurings.
but the current crisis cannot be solved by words alone.
organ trafficking depends on several factors.
globalization, for our purposes, is different.
it is brutal realpolitik.
we are at a historical turning point.
now the capitalist system has been corrupted.
time is short.
third, european resources are fragmented, and this hampers european competitiveness.
hence, not every jew relies on kosher meat.
but there are many charities doing that.
technological changes whip up gales of creative destruction.
that would be a major victory.
yet that is what appears to be happening.
that is the commission von der leyen must build.
governments create money by spending and extinguish it via taxation.
the costs of this inequality are substantial.
how do we know?
it is time to make cooperation great again.
but china’s changing attitude makes sense.
frankfurt – payment systems in europe are facing upheaval.
we had a lively conversation.
that is evident from their credit ratings.
recall ireland after the 2008 financial crisis.
but here, too, one encounters a degree of imprecision.
for ukraine’s government, the angst is real.
nativist governments begin to kick out immigrants.
russia also bolstered its presence in abkhazia, another breakaway province.
the larger-bank principle has two chief attractions.
which traffic policies work best for megacities?
the answer seemed a no-brainer.
talk about this inchoate europe is difficult and infrequent.
but he was also profoundly characteristic of russian leaders.
the returnee has built schools and health clinics.
i don’t blame them.
unfortunately, we usually fight existing diseases but neglect looking forward.
such spending can be put to many good uses.
this could happen for macroeconomic or microeconomic reasons.
they both have a purchase on our thinking.
what’s right about france’s overtures toward russia?
but what goes up must come down.
the same, of course, is true of the us dollar.
these assumptions haven’t been borne out.
president george w.
peter resulted in huge, concentrated spills.
such transformations do not happen by themselves.
in romania, however, there was nothing “velvet” about communism's end.
the fish know they are out of water.
they will struggle to feed their families.
those charges are, invariably, produced by china's domestic surveillance agencies.
is the market doomed in giscard's new europe?
but what about other kinds of bias?
many details would have to be worked out.
for starters, downplaying china’s rise has practical benefits.
the real yield on ten-year treasury bonds is approximately zero.
what happened to monetary independence?
but fate might also just as suddenly wash her away.
has the american electorate swung to the right?
with no real legislative achievements to claim, he did something.
but that does not mean that we can relax.
brazil is paralyzed by constitutional crisis.
but appearances can be deceiving.
but there is some good news from ghana.
russia actually did block imports of monsanto corn.
what explains this difference?
only india maintains its luster.
but this, too, would represent another blow against populists.
we have seen this show before, and it ends badly.
the rise of non-state actresses also must be managed.
but such projects may not take off for years.
in march 2003, george w.
no eu member has taken such an approach.
no spin can alter this fact.
so the steep rise in antibiotic resistance is hardly surprising.
he was that determined and that principled.
every politician must follow the rules and respect the outcome.
all state visits are overloaded with lofty, superfluous rhetoric.
the second difference concerns the exchange-rate regime.
fat-related diabetes is becoming epidemic in india.
but these were sustainable strategies, not tactical pirouettes.
i think the socialists are right.
growth fell immediately.
former african development bank president donald p.
the information revolution is transforming politics and organizations.
taking aim at the past is not new.
nor has the us admitted that it made a mistake.
here’s your solution.
immediately attacked for reversing a long-held policy, he quickly retreated.
if the framework is right, the system will perform well.
the answer likely lies within us.
china has given the europeans a gift.
what is threatening science?
and the semi-divine japanese empress was brought down to earth.
good on them.
of course, independent central bankers are not sarkozy’s favorite people.
let us be brutally frank.
today, chloroquine has basically disappeared from our medical arsenal.
but the problem runs deeper than that.
for liberals, free speech is a key index of freedom.
the italian election sent a message.
oxford – i confess: i do it, too.
will near-zero interest rates, financial-sector bailouts, and fiscal stimulus work?
unfortunately, obama shows no real interest in reducing deficits.
but obama is nobody’s fool.
high national incomes are not enough to ensure children’s well-being.
such periods have occurred throughout recorded history.
europeans and americans alike need to reembrace the transatlantic alliance.
when the great general george c.
it is a massive multi-trillion-dollar market.
neither his successor, gordon brown, nor george w.
the truth is that europe suffers from multiple ills.
this is the last thing that it wants to do.
digital technologies are also revolutionizing health education.
this will not be easy.
possessing the territory will give her its wealth.
wage policies are appropriate only for centrally planned economies.
a strong health-care system is a prerequisite for economic development.
why give him another chance?
indeed, back in 1994, yahoo!
a proper balance must be struck.
unfortunately, the ecb is now in a bind.
the remaining annual financial gap is therefore about $26 billion.
the key to the solution lies in st.
but it must be made concrete.
the scale of the outflow is hard to gauge.
this finances domestic spending on foreign goods.
the final, most intractable aspect of incomplete knowledge is ignorance.
not only the eurozone would suffer.
signs of government-engineered chaos abound.
the scenario has become painfully familiar.
who “lost” turkey?
american regulators jumped the gun.
but my friend had never lit up.
liver fat mucks up the workings of the liver.
so why am i moderately optimistic?
deposit insurance is not even being considered.
military chose to detain them.
unobservable indicators like the output gap, which plays e.g.
but we should not underplay the importance of ideology.
gorbachev’s humanitarian tinkering contributed greatly to the timing.
the alternative is a poor intergenerational burden-sharing choice.
but that comparison is simply false.
their hopes should not be dashed.
it is hard to know.
that is far harder to judge.
that’s why policymakers must act now.
in 2010, qe2 drove capital in the opposite direction.
financial “production” is currently a top-down process.
to what does bangladesh owe its quiet transformation?
that remark is true, and unfortunate.
many of his “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
that history may repeat in china before long.
already, financial markets have responded with alacrity.
and reaching high-income status is no easy feat.
it does so with remarkable efficiency.
most capital flows were official – government to government.
the parallels to the old soviet union are striking.
and the reaction in asia was especially gushing.
but not everyone fell silent.
they disagree about who predicted which outcome.
munich – italy is now in a triple-dip recession.
who could possibly be against the twenty-first century?
moreover, this estimate is undoubtedly too optimistic.
the diplomatic push has so far yielded somewhat predictable results.
that calculus applies to governments, too.
with every statement, putin erodes russia’s political risk profile.
all would increase our estimates.
dealing with seemingly intractable problems often takes time.
napoleon was crowned emperor in notre dame in december 1804.
the world cannot allow america to veto its efforts.
yet these loyalties are deepening.
we have the tools to do it.
banking systems in several countries are already on life support.
i have in the past advocated giving much larger sums.
both approaches failed.
yet the warnings were ignored.
these differences between hate speech and blasphemy are fundamental.
only then can the past truly be past.
india, brazil, russia, and south korea are not far behind.
but this time could be different.
with numbers on our side, we have a chance.
western democracy seems trapped in a conundrum.
none of these intellectuals is against globalization, of course.
it is here that dawkins goes furthest astray.
now comes the refugee crisis.
this is especially true of the younger generations.
how scary is disruptive technology?
in a speech delivered on february 24, thomas m.
but this requires a multinational effort.
and many people’s thinking is not terribly coherent.
consider climate change.
after all, a domestic stimulus would help maintain economic growth.
implementing an effective media antitrust framework will not be easy.
iran’s nuclear programs continued to be financed by international commerce.
but the effect is similar.
the un, after all, is russia’s preferred multilateral forum.
by the early 2020s, they will also win on price.
is north korea losing china?
three factors are driving these developments.
palme's main speech mentioned "détente," "trust,"and "friendship," but never "freedom".
investors manage much larger sums of money.
are such attacks viable?
that honor belongs to a different history and region.
yet they find it perfectly legitimate to carry on.
a lame-duck managing director would hamstring the fund.
but it is capacity, not intention, that counts.
how do they do that?
musharraf is warning her to remain in london.
the trump administration should welcome such measures.
some of these epidemics had profound economic consequences.
india would be happy to embrace each of these principles.
indeed, no french president would ever think of exporting democracy.
africa’s suffering has left many speechless.
the time for a variable stabilizing carbon tax is now.
the events of recent months have crystallized more deep-seated concerns.
in london, bus-travel rose by 46%.
renzi, for one, is advocating precisely this course of action.
many market participants, however, remain skeptical about the decision.
putin’s choice
consider a few recent developments.
cambridge – much in life looks obvious after the fact.
our cities risk becoming literally uninhabitable.
today, chile imposes no barriers to the inflow of capital.
trade unions were given more clout.
here, the plausible passengers are southern european firms.
chechnya also announced his promise of change.
finally, the us needs to adapt as well.
appalling wages are just the start.
in the former case, the transatlantic rift will deepen dramatically.
post-2008 policies enabled china largely to avoid the global recession.
the british had stopped believing in their own empire.
it menaces deeply conservative societies.
it is probably too late for this election cycle.
who will build or re-build hospitals?
the subtitle should have been: of robots and refugees.
but in the long run it could become very slippery.
another protest march is scheduled for the end of may.
today, inflation remains low in much of the developed world.
immunization rates rose by almost 5% per year.
in the case of hagel, the administration decided to proceed.
today’s short-term crisis does not materially alter their long-term prospects.
nor should they take inspiration from america’s “fiscal cliff” theater.
for the rich, it is the way of the future.
how should scarce public resources be applied?
the internal shakeup is profound.
it is a potent and dangerous mix.
he recalled a very different type of person.
the last silovik?
christian religions certainly helped to shape european civilization.
opposition parties have become negligible.
nor was this a temporary rebound.
we must ensure that we are fully prepared.
their consequent reluctance to lend constrains investment.
munich – will history repeat itself?
but, behind the superficial consensus, many questions remain unanswered.
never in my life have i seen anything so beautiful.
two or three years pass.
so what is technology?
the proposal generated interest.
this is great news for the unbanked.
now the world of 2050 will not be a paradise.
china’s ambition is marked by muscle flexing.
but she could not.
but that is where we may be heading.
the internet has already become the world’s most important infrastructure.
by a mere15% over the return on ultra-safe government securities.
with his traditional sense of humor, lula dismissed the slight.
this divergence is troubling.
this brought strong growth rates in good times.
the reason is simple.
second, does a leader have important choices to make?
macron could end up doing the same.
little wonder that financial markets are feeling slightly overwhelmed.
here ecowas is showing the way.
once investor confidence returned, a virtuous cycle took hold.
historically lax policies have become far less accommodative.
indeed, they are in large part the same problem.
yet not nearly enough has been invested in this effort.
several other advanced economies are experiencing analogous political developments.
but that will not satisfy his inner political animal.
it is about lasting peace and shared prosperity.
yet there is reason for hope.
demand for biofuels, for example, has been linked to deforestation.
this year will be bleak.
this was a mistake.
nonetheless, two things are already clear.
but this trend creates risks for china’s trading partners.
european governments face three choices.
trump’s visit was a major victory for saudi arabia.
these stories behind the news must be told.
yet the group has persisted.
at first blush, the comparison seems artificial and far-fetched.
he is gone forever.
would hers sentence be commuted, postponed, or annulled?
to many chinese, russians, and germans, their leaders were gods.
and there isn’t one now.
despite these problems, japan still has remarkable strengths.
is iraq safe yet?
so what are the other options?
effort then becomes more important than having the right genes.
but solidarity was still something more.
at first, the solution for africa’s under-development seemed obvious.
in africa, most food is produced by women smallholder farmers.
there has certainly been a lot of hype.
but regulating existing activities is only the first step.
can the sun save greece?
but the real exchange rate in brazil has appreciated substantially.
but we should not calculate on that outcome.
its demand reflected a reverence for its past.
pigs eating greedily from the family table.
the excess-demand problem cannot be eliminated fully.
for starters, it is important to professionalize the selection process.
it was to be the theme of his presidency.
but a sustainable economy is not what his government built.
this dynamic is clearly on display in venezuela.
but the word “soft” should also appear.
argentina’s long-term gdp growth has been disappointing.
he can talk the talk at davos.
this encourages stakeholders to deny, rather than acknowledge, problems.
the second group comprises religious fundamentalists.
the european union has lost six million jobs since 2008.
as a people, they are singularly resilient and brave.
these three cardinal policies are related.
· give appropriate recognition, salaries, and autonomy to young scientists.
and that might be the problem.
but that is not the case.
if only it were so simple.
no prospect of that in these days of strict accounting.
yet another lawsuit regarding sex crimes was dismissed this year.
instead, they focused their anger on lebanese politicians.
opponents see red at its very mention.
i certainly think so.
there is certainly reason for concern – beginning in china.
so what are the eurozone’s heads of government waiting for?
mexico does not seem to lack economic dynamism.
the world reciprocated, isolating burma economically and diplomatically.
any alleged violent behavior by demonstrators could also be examined.
but now etfs themselves face challenges.
now, that dynamic has been completely reversed.
so why be optimistic about cargo drones?
the signs in the weeks since have not been encouraging.
none of this should invite complacency.
moreover, designing new risk-management products is not easy.
but education laws have proved elusive too.
the british have nearly the opposite perspective.
who should lead the global economy?
industrial policy failed miserably in the 1970’s and 1980’s.
but now hollande is completely dependent on hers prime minister.
yet it is missing from official history.
instead, three investment levers should be used.
nor does autonomy imply autarky, isolation, or rejection of alliances.
intelligence also falls into that category.
even faster growth will take place in the coming decades.
policymakers approach their task in two fundamentally different ways.
the health-care industry is lurching slowly toward real-time, user-generated data.
still, the significance of these changes should not be exaggerated.
but rather than convert, the huguenots fled.
many people will find this result surprising.
the task will be monumental.
some tentative answers to these questions are now possible.
nor did they push strongly for structural reforms.
i normally write about economics, not politics.
last week its currency collapsed and stock market plummeted.
but the subsequent decline in the dollar index suggests otherwise.
innovative disruption needs to happen fast.
but no legal system is perfect.
indeed, nothing could be further from the truth.
no ordinary psychiatrist, however, attested to budanov's alleged insanity.
and this is where the trouble starts.
for some, indeed, the challenges look almost insurmountable.
the difficulties are immense.
in return, the state inspects such schools regularly.
the problem is that russia’s focus is wrong-headed.
it is high time that more leaders began practicing it.
but worries about potential deflation scenarios are unwarranted.
can benign regulation really be bought?
the supreme court’s move against gilani makes matters worse.
disintegration and thus the “balkanization” of iraq?
it cannot be a substitute for conventional campaigning.
transparency of retail prices will invigorate competition.
a deepening of financial integration can also be expected.
as they have wound down, spending has declined.
but how long can “at-the-same-time-ism” suffice as a policy?
innovation to reduce the delivery bottleneck is critical.
there will be no consensus answer to that question.
but how is that determined?
here, too, there are propitious signs.
the dream of unmanned aerial transportation is not new.
scientific disciplines are in constant assent.
princeton – crises are a chance to learn.
the eurozone has gone through a period of financial education.
that includes putin’s mischievous aside that liberalism is wholly outdated.
secondary cities can also boost african national economies.
but that does not necessarily detract from hers genius.
but the fundamental innovation lies elsewhere.
all economic propositions are “if-then” statements.
but the problem extends beyond swaraj’s communication with ordinary citizens.
but everything kuchma's cabal says mocks the truth.
and proteins are in even shorter supply.
but homeland is no kitsch nostalgia.
the result was not what he expected.
tsunami is originally a japanese word.
the message was clear: no more business as usual.
new delhi – is corruption crippling india?
in many ways, she may not be wrong.
the british were burned there twice (1840-1, 1878-80).
but this is hypocritical.
so why does this not seem to work in iraq?
midwives are also a front line of defense against disease.
the solvency of pension plans was not yet a concern.
but the real responsibility lies with china.
now it looks like a prelude.
an even more telling case is saudi arabia.
the exception was indonesia.
what’s more, germany has borne the largest financial burden.
“i only know that i suffer a lot.
since iran is the enemy (remember george w.
despite repression, iran’s civil society is well developed and sophisticated.
unfortunately, mass killings in africa continue.
they seem to be poised to disrupt europe once again.
underinvestment has long-term costs and consequences everywhere.
american objectives could not be achieved in vietnam.
isolation, indeed, is unbridgeable for some.
in this sense, zuma represents yesterday’s south africa.
it is also why miller remains an oddball.
the results are likely to be eye opening.
hundreds of thousands of iraqi civilians died as a result.
most americans believed that impeachment was a mistake.
relative to germany, italy became a whopping 42% more expensive.
a seventh area showing signs of progress is education.
that is good for russia.
now they have affected global health as well.
only by actually making more has the technology gotten cheaper.
both developments are welcome.
other countries should watch closely and take note.
but it is a risk that must be taken.
goldman sachs and the j.b.
but difficult days lie ahead.
some leaders recognize this.
mainstream economists and economic policymakers are a case in point.
it is not an idle question.
after three terms in office, it could hardly be otherwise.
the united nations is the champion of the most vulnerable.
smaller steps, however, can and should be taken.
europe's dollar envy
now we all behave like enlightened egotists.
baker and hers cohort won the political debate.
what, then, should the incumbent hegemon do?
but governments can influence the development of productivity.
still others joined revolutionary movements.
easier said than done.
fiscal discipline remains essential, as are deep structural reforms.
this development offers an unprecedented opportunity.
the survivor was a nine-year-old boy, shot in the hip.
what could she be thinking?
consolidated public-sector debt would rise to 100% of gdp.
but policymakers have other choices.
but money includes bank deposits, which depend on business confidence.
punishingly tight sanctions alone will not change hers mind.
such shocks may come in many forms.
climate science or climate evangelism?
in egypt, the treaty is even more clearly under threat.
animal experiments tested these novel and highly potent compounds.
but the system works.
but, beyond today’s tempest, there is light on the horizon.
a macro perspective is always tough for politicians.
it had room to cut taxes for small businesses.
and it needn’t be just online.
brussels – in june, it was greece.
france now lacks this glue.
and those effects, in turn, influence still other genes.
or do you worry for its future?
and yet no such thing has occurred.
the israel-palestine conflict has lasted far too long.
such moderation, taken alone, is welcome, of course.
private industry is also moving rapidly.
although president george w.
chinese premier wen jiabao was slightly more civil.
but it is easy to boom when money pours in.
america’s full recovery is not yet guaranteed.
market-legitimizing institutions (for social protection and insurance).
oil tycoon t.
but it did, in the balkans.
regional security arrangements will also require careful maintenance.
that brazen hypocrisy is hard to ignore.
leaders must lead, and they must educate voters.
but the political system’s overall response was paradoxical.
but will they be enough?
his son will need to provide the answer.
perhaps it would be better to control the weapons.
she should be.
this in turn stimulated china’s unsuccessful intervention in north vietnam.
today’s educators should inspire our children towards creativity and innovation.
it wasn’t the stage lighting, he said.
this would make food more affordable for the poor.
china had a choice.
brussels – many european politicians praise the internet.
lawyers oversee bigger transactions and cases.
can we fight depression?
moreover, george w.
bush – relied more heavily on diplomacy than force.
the sanctions against iran have undoubtedly bitten hard.
that is the risk the united states is currently running.
it does not.
they are likely to be happy they did.
the same thing happened in australia in 1998.
parents are often unemployed, ill, divorced, or even incarcerated.
for heraclitus, change was the fundamental principle of life.
the question is whether china will bow to us pressure.
they may very well get their wish.
bush years earlier.
long-held taboos have been eased throughout the arab world.
to be sure, sharing ownership can help employee morale.
now many have gone back to believing in decline.
such a peg is fundamentally different from a unified currency.
reforms were subsequently broadened and extended into other areas.
in the intervening years, that idea has made steady progress.
first the chinese diaspora succeeded, then china itself.
a spiral of mutually destructive diplomacy might result.
china was urged not to float its currency.
after all, infectious diseases do not respect national boundaries.
it is time we made that a reality.
now people get it.
the ukrainian tycoons are no fools.
is vladimir putin losing his grip?
a powerful prime minister seems preferable.
the second involves legitimately-earned money seeking to evade taxes.
on kosovo, russia is blocking progress at the united nations.
the regime played its hand brilliantly.
by 1998, he was again riding his bicycle.
bilateral relations were frozen.
cities are also the innovation hubs for public policy.
but one great success does not negate the many failures.
hence, its silence appears to sanction the situation.
germany’s high-end automobile producers are now operating at full capacity.
but austerity is not the only dimension of the debate.
the previous, western-led system has collapsed.
at some level, of course, he is right.
europe, too, embraced the postwar international system.
but the problem is not confined to china's borders.
power had shifted to the producers.
but that is extremely unlikely.
and that is precisely what she did.
little was accomplished, and the path ahead remains treacherous.
otherwise, today’s grim picture will only get worse.
on the contrary, it is one that others can emulate.
but a few bold voices have made themselves heard.
i do not know if wiesel was a “great” writer.
and we must vow never to hold children in detention.
these two features reinforce and compound each other.
technological advances greatly favor the 2009 protesters.
europe does not have armed conflicts.
“dany, you have been so successful.
how europe deals with this frontrunner’s curse will be critical.
as the nobel laureate economist christopher a.
but financial bubbles are often founded on true economic strengths.
dna: oracle or nemesis?
but have those patterns finally been broken?
but china has not given up on the myitsone project.
as george h.w.
ultimately, only the latter will allow for long-term fiscal sustainability.
but that interpretation is too glib.
but the last year has produced, at best, mixed results.
not so with international human rights law.
by definition, no: nobody deserves luck.
putin now favors protectionism, state intervention, and subsidies.
but there is also a more fundamental point here.
japan has historically punched above its weight in world affairs.
the soul of a nation is in the balance.
and will they say it loud and clear, without equivocation?
by contrast, today’s concerns are economic.
that difference matters.
admittedly, there are some good things in these proposals.
the underlying dynamics have not changed fundamentally since then.
the brexiteers were the beneficiaries of this wave.
fortunately, progress is being made here, too.
but giving up is not an option.
rage against the political establishment has become a global phenomenon.
a major risk is devaluation.
swedroe and andrew l.
but growing inequality is not inevitable.
the first step is to identify what those reasons are.
that precedent is, without doubt, dangerous for a fledgling democracy.
asset prices and incomes would return to normal.
hers huge wealth was the collateral for hers honesty.
this year, juncker delivered a far more sober speech.
virus protection and virus development constitute an uneven arms race.
but the cpc cannot simply give in.
in the end, the americans were tired of talking.
what we are against is terror.
the vision for which kim stands is bottom-up.
is gradualism the right approach?
ortega was reelected with 72% of the vote.
but climate change is not limited to the energy sector.
all decent people agree that war is evil.
developing countries are, however, learning some of the west's tricks.
hers land costs are low.
and yet the putin regime has emerged unscathed each time.
the true effectiveness of these packages is not clear.
we believed that economic development would solve all our problems.
young people responded with alacrity.
she had known court jews.
power must be returned to the people.
but she has the wrong background for a president.
these issues are now the subject of daily political discussion.
moreover, global co2 emissions reached a record high in 2012.
what is at stake is too important to ignore.
america’s allies were furious, but trump won the day.
today, it is three times larger, and growing.
these are the machinations of italian politics.
northwestern university’s robert gordon is less optimistic.
the risk of a trade war is low, but rising.
the first relates to balance sheets.
there are plenty of rock bands in china already.
indeed, the regime welcomed george w.
but today, there is no such way.
none of these well-educated teenagers believed me.
it did not have to be this way.
this should change.
but, in june 1940, the sky fell on their heads.
nowhere is that more evident than in china.
last but not least, she is attractive.
it also inhibits proper debate.
we should let them.
countries with great companies show great performance.
but the response has been worldwide.
all the other hits, however, have been self-inflicted.
hong kong’s democrats should accept this as a compromise.
moreover, obama has started his term in decisive fashion.
but peace still eludes the levant.
positive steps are already being taken to realize these goals.
two aspects of that calculation are critical.
the attacks have been ceaseless and indiscriminate.
but a policy like that demands a deeper explanation.
indeed, relations with china are japan's most profound problem.
are those associations wrong?
and so it has proved in palestine and israel.
tadese has never heard of global warming.
short of abolishing power, these tradeoffs are part of life.
how can this be done?
self-censorship has become routine.
for the next week, she sat in a saudi prison.
today, the story is different.
furthermore, the european border agency will become operational in 2005.
these restraints are by no means perfect.
but imagining it is not the same as expecting it.
the necessary changes will not happen overnight.
fourth, pollen from gm crops may “contaminate” organically produced food.
revolution by deletion!
consequently 1-3.5 million pakistani children were not vaccinated.
but he continues to demur,” he told me.
now, all can see these income differences.
something else is needed as well.
despite its weaknesses, this argument has impressed european policymakers.
malaysia’s institutional problems extend to elections.
the problem is in the timing and tactics.
their pressure paid off.
public health is an essential element of global security.
the lesson is clear.
he appears soft on immigration.
sweden, with its hydropower, is even lower, at 0.9 kg.
not falling for the trick, speculators repeatedly called hers bluff.
david’s mother is dead.
but the world was desperate to learn hers identity.
but burning the willow releases 22 tons of co2.
but saleh’s hardline approach is failing.
its printing press was destroyed.
at first glance, these developments are curious.
he could well have been describing many modern-day metropolises.
then there is the broader question of trust.
but demagoguery stopped there.
there were some who foresaw danger.
take the recession record.
what is really on investors’ minds?
(obviously, there is a strong interaction between both policy domains.
hers army is probably winning, but the fighting continues.
at present, a diplomatic solution does not look promising.
so some skepticism about implementation is in order.
that's true in many ways.
it is rising, but how?
china has not seen such lows in decades.
bulgarians fear even worse.
saudi arabia vs.
but it is dangerous to become obsessed with the past.
the fear of an l-shaped recovery is legitimate.
these changes fuel massive population increases.
this is reason for hope.
many of the prisoners had committed heinous acts of terror.
russia and iran will be the two biggest winners.
we will do so, country by country, reform by reform.
none of this justifies gasoline subsidies.
people deserve their privacy.
far from it.
today it does not.
brussels – two lessons have emerged from europe’s financial crisis.
this cannot be done simply by controlling the money supply.
but people who leave a country have not disappeared.
finally, there is the global level.
they are valuable because they are operational.
russia’s market economy, albeit marred by corruption, took root.
but i disagree with that assessment.
indeed, the revolution is already upon us.
the purchase of foreign assets.
sweden and norway were then tied together in a union.
trade unions don’t know what to do.
the us was an essential part of that process.
these are huge tasks at a crucial juncture for italy.
in this scenario, your maintenance delays cannot be ignored.
another concern is that ketamine’s benefits may be relatively fleeting.
what should we do?
other factors are likely to aggravate the situation.
at first, governments threw everything at it.
of course, some may prefer the paternalism of old.
the extremists understand that all too well.
obviously, macroeconomic stabilization is essential.
few have any real hopes of that.
beneath the surface are many threatening cracks.
few people even care anymore when germany wins.
average life expectancy is similarly hard to pin down.
but there is more to do.
nature-based mechanisms aim to boost naturally occurring carbon-uptake processes.
but more intensive consideration could change people’s mind.
the military must be taken off the streets.
they have hacked people’s phones with reckless abandon.
but the ecological revolution has less need for new institutions.
this is not news to central banks.
why does she seem to despise the eu so deeply?
governments prepare to levy enormous fines.
the pace of electric and hybrid vehicle sales has slowed.
in 1907, j.p.
by itself, privatization is clearly not the solution.
it might stall, but it would never go into reverse.
a belt and road for the americas?
today, however, collective action is of a different magnitude.
new discoveries often occur during open-ended explorations of the unknown.
this is no longer the case.
the two are linked.
merely propping up aging infrastructure will not be effective.
since he took office in 2001, president george w.
or does it?
that means you.
argentina was stuck with its currency board and overvalued currency.
but climate change alters everything.
moreover, traditional redistribution policies presuppose traditional, contract-bound workers.
yushchenko has only herself to blame for hers political predicament.
there is good reason for the resistance.
in the meantime, hollande will continue to channel tartuffe.
one is that domestic saving in the us increases.
the us took up the cause.
meanwhile, there is a food crisis to solve.
nearly twice that number will not attend secondary school.
yet we imagine science as free of unexamined cultural assumptions.
that would be a welcome mouthful indeed.
that was appropriate, owing to the depth of the crisis.
her first pregnancy was very difficult.
but cristina is no evita.
food often remains unavailable in rural areas.
china is displeased at the stronger japanese/us alliance.
is there any merit to trump’s claim?
but clarke, von braun, and others persevered.
furthermore, households had trivial debt levels by modern standards.
or will she pick an “outsider”?
him promise will not have been kept.
this explains xi’s emphasis on enforcing strict leninist discipline.
it would be a big mistake to let that happen.
its people collectively crave stability.
this is crucial to the credibility of the european project.
but in portugal, the traditional parties’ dominance was not challenged.
to be sure, the peace was kept.
compare that bloat with the french private sector.
the presidentialization of india’s parliamentary system is complete.
the scale of these bailouts is mushrooming.
but accomplishing that is easier said than done.
is big brother watching me?
salvini wants to deport all illegal migrants from italy.
fortunately, africa already has a head start.
this seems alarming.
rather, claims to represent citizens also shape their self-conception.
the “pandora’s box” of self-determination must be closed.
in retrospect, russian membership should probably be considered a mistake.
it seems hard to believe, but peace is finally here.
what are the requirements for dynamism?
fortunately, there are signs of improvement.
this is the definition of free riding.
they wanted to dance to their own tunes.
and research like that does not come cheap.
collective identities have a history, of course.
but it is not always a personal choice.
this narrative is simply wrong.
annual spending will be around $2.7 billion.
that adds up to 1,350 tons over this century.
but this is disingenuous.
democratic politicians everywhere vie for the support of ethnic lobbies.
others believe that this continuity works through national character.
but it is a dangerous sentiment for governments to hold.
the experience of perestroika underscores the importance of this question.
this should not have surprised anyone.
indeed, many opposition groups engaged in dirty tricks.
this is no time to compromise for short-term political expediency.
the answer is yes.
the facts are worrying.
strategic litigation helped ensure equality under the law.
destruction of these precious natural environments generates international ills.
she needs to be.
indeed, the major attempt to help actually hurt the region.
inequality is not a fringe issue.
capital outflows have been running at $100 billion a month.
the eu can simultaneously address the markets’ fears.
successful companies last for decades, even centuries.
yet, like hamlet, rahul seems uncertain.
this is no cause for schadenfreude .
they are all well documented.
otherwise, the balance is largely positive.
will it work?
the situation for developing countries is very different.
an analogous power grab is being attempted in africa.
all citizens should have equal access.
there are no guarantees that this time will be different.
conference organizers compete for the most distinguished speakers.
i am rather surprised by it.
but three months is a long time in politics.
now the tables have turned.
the challenge is clear.
europe appears to be more stuck than ever.
in stories about politics, these big actors were political parties.
this situation is not new for the region.
there are at least three reasons to be wary.
others fear it will not.
the taliban's rise in afghanistan also had a strong impact.
the same situation applies to other rivers in our country.
this can unlock other funding (in this case, from europe).
consider three major historical trends.
the government anticipated 4.1% gdp growth in 2010-2011.
but a corresponding decline in unemployment is nowhere in sight.
other applications are in development.
demand for gold increased, while supply was relatively constant.
duterte and trump have much in common.
that is a real pity.
he was both idealist and pragmatist.
it is never wise to stretch historical comparisons too far.
but europe can make a strong case.
here, the african diaspora should take the lead.
africa’s el dorado was lost.
are eu troops on the way?
japan, not the us, is the example to avoid.
it is an awkward question.
the answer depends on where one looks.
there would be no procrastination.
after all, in putin’s russia, political dissent brings financial ruin.
this brings us back to trump.
despite everything, democratic egypt is not a romantic fantasy.
accordingly, she often adopts her competitors’ ideas.
but mexico’s officials are not looking for excuses.
so what does sanity look like in today’s france?
yet i took away a different conclusion from davos.
but that halcyon scenario looks increasingly improbable.
indeed, as a forthcoming book by george s.
president george w.
that way, both of their earnings will be higher.
in 2011, renewables’ share was actually lower, at 12.99%.
as do the juggler's ingenuities of deconstruction and post-modernism.
the ecb adopted a much more restrictive approach.
london – in the end, democracy came to the rescue.
unlike healthcare, there are almost no limits to genetic enhancements.
freedom belongs to no particular nation or system.
while condemning egeland’s comment, bush quickly multiplied america’s commitment ten-fold.
sheikh jarrah is far from the worst case.
hundreds of economists endorsed the proposal.
america’s motivations are not entirely clear.
but hers stance on europe is worrisome.
so did austria, denmark, germany, sweden, and spain.
there is no magic solution to these problems.
the anniversary of those events is april 24.
that must be firmly rejected.
japanese anti-semitism is a particularly interesting case.
he served four years before being released.
this comparatively benign situation reflects colombia’s relatively favorable macroeconomic conditions.
one hopes that they choose the latter option.
they did this not once, but twice.
russia’s government talks with ukraine’s government.
crime and unemployment cannot explain this eruption.
fortunately, syrians have no predilection for violence.
with falling birthrates, immigrants are needed to maintain european prosperity.
here, too, there are technological obstacles, but they seem surmountable.
they are part of the modern democracy.
putin, while corrupt, remains popular and powerful.
the “declining terms of trade” argument has collapsed.
instead, the eu needs real authority to execute policy.
china has time before this becomes a problem.
hitler sought to destroy czechoslovakia.
gabriel is not entirely convinced.
it’s not hard to see why.
the government forced banks to execute the debt swap.
new, leaner firms take over.
at one level, the drama is purely french.
democracy was not invented by fools.
the us political system poses special problems as well.
the aging of europe’s population is historically unprecedented.
is america an empire?
indeed, the watchword among major investors is inertia.
election rules favor those who were organized before the revolution.
moscow – vladimir putin has finally done it.
the tide is turning.
by doing well, it is argued, people do good.
the voices of people in developing countries must be heard.
national budgets may continue to favor the old ways.
the euro has not necessarily reached the bottom.
never mind moral-hazard problems or insolvency.
but, on closer examination, the statement begs the question.
not surprisingly, the economy began to overheat.
but the problem extends far beyond economics.
china is more than 90% han.
there was some justification for this approach.
but perhaps this is irrelevant.
consider three examples.
major groups remained underrepresented among societies' most successful citizens.
deregulation and greater openness, moreover, will generate inward fdi.
in these unhappy times, democrats will sink or swim together.
he decided to go public.
oxford – central banks can stop worrying about inflation.
i am among the lucky ones.
all of that is obviously true – and irrelevant.
the world cup championship in brazil was another matter altogether.
powerless men in power?
nor is its effect on established democracies straightforward.
again, this is hardly plausible.
accumulated international experience, however, exposes the flaws in this argument.
hence the muted overall productivity gains.
lower growth is the best guess for the medium term.
how quickly countries’ reputations can change.
a backlash will come, with ugly political consequences.
in comes the second pianist.
fortunately, we still have a choice.
no one wants to repeat the policy missteps of 2010-2014.
the us cannot stop such activity and should not try.
they were taken because mrs.
rudyard kipling’s old “great game” now has new contestants.
in the global economy, the most vulnerable are whole countries.
stanford – economic news is grim all around the world.
but these instincts can be bolstered by wise long-term policies.
for russian politicians, re-privatization is a great political temptation.
but they are exceptions in an otherwise inflationless world.
but sometimes such comparisons gnaw at us.
he even had an oil tanker named after her.
the same is true of nations.
none of these actions would have been painless.
but polls are not to be confused with reality.
the strategy worked, to some extent.
but we would.
she might have been speaking about the dollar.
the european commission is already engaged in preparing such plans.
they shouldn’t be.
at the same time, tightening emissions standards is crucial.
free trade and free international capital flows go together.
more action is needed this year and beyond.
and that raises a question of control.
policy experience before achieving professorial tenure is discouraged and rare.
our guiding principle always remaining: one europe.
a td booster should be given every ten years.
as usual, history is set on fast-forward in america.
but the dictatorship’s end came sooner then anyone expected.
are we marching forward technologically only to march backward socially?
therein lies the crux of the problem.
this is no temporary or passing phenomenon.
africa’s numerous resource-driven conflicts validate angelei’s concerns.
public opinion also favors preserving the status quo.
so, what went wrong?
and presidents may set bad precedents.
for starters, ukraine is in the eu’s neighborhood as well.
policymakers must seize it when it does.
the difference is that george w.
it would be impossible to rule out a regional war.
i remained free, only to be monitored by the police.
in a nutshell, this is the ecb’s situation today.
too often, however, sharia law harms christians.
but this is false.
regional consultation mechanisms remain weak.
these are the basic traits of a modern political order.
that will be the test of hers leadership.
the danske bank illustrated this shortfall.
backroom dealings and violence continue to rule the day.
indians today, he averred, want jobs, not handouts.
saddam hussein heads a state, not a shadowy terrorist outfit.
who is to audit the auditors?
sadly, his hardship is only beginning.
the anxiety about us isolationism is driven by recent events.
moreover, automation will have uneven effects across genders.
but in the second round, fear was le pen’s undoing.
every aspect of life and work is changing.
providing security is crucial in fostering democratic development.
democracy versus growth?
this stonewalling suggests that kim has read trump well.
and it’s even worse for adolescents.
should we talk about race and intelligence?
but oil is not the whole story.
trump’s now-frozen travel ban has been similarly polarizing.
but centralized wage negotiations impose the same salary everywhere.
india, too, must do its part.
emerging economies, for the most part, avoided this disastrous over-borrowing.
education for boys is crucial to ending child marriage.
regulatory gaps have caused spillover effects to other countries.
china’s 2007 farmers’ cooperative law serves as a good model.
that is what most parents teach their children.
but it is a lapsed democratic country.
europe also incarnates democratic values.
we do these things over dinner.
first, how committed is the us to europe?
someone needs to flip that model on its head.
the transmission effects through trade linkages are just as worrying.
the people vs.
which comes first, flag or faith?
but the modern age was built on liberty.
it is as simple as that.
to match a one-gigawatt coal-fired plant requires several hundred turbines.
musharraf denounced him statements.
no party has a majority in the chamber of deputies.
however, there is a large financing gap.
sarkozy, carpe diem!
is allowing something like a free press.
china is not alone in finding its economy stumbling.
india promised that it would not export its weapons technology.
ai is still a long way from surpassing human intelligence.
without naval escorts, food aid will not get to somalia.
and it does seem likely that such strategies will continue.
more relevant is the availability of loans.
but he has lost the battle for political legitimacy.
even so, income distributions vary widely among the developed countries.
and this, in turn, will offset any competitiveness gains.
let’s pretend that the united states had such a government.
another public-relations problem concerns business interests.
then he opened a trade rift with the eu.
and that is unsettling in itself.
and there is real life.
our research suggests several strategies to achieve this outcome.
the choice is now obama’s.
this is an important development.
a new liberal center should be pro-market, not pro-business.
“what was nourishing food turns into poison,” she declared.
even becoming a sports fan is similar.
warren is proposing a much broader rethink.
for example, when president george w.
but what should they be?
could a basic income help poor countries?
the bali action plan addresses all three concerns.
what would such action look like?
but what can our hero do at this hour?
the year that ended an epoch?
so putin has turned to propaganda.
both can have negative consequences.
unable to borrow, the banks became unable to lend.
so what problem does data localization actually solve?
for example, you are planning to buy a house.
now that would be a deterrent.
but the actual tax cut will likely be much larger.
this story is almost completely wrong.
the british public recognizes that inaction is no longer acceptable.
the end of the european supernation?
but this, too, would be a mistake.
the ccc continues to assess climate-change policies.
it remained a vital member of nato.
it is time to put on the running shoes.
sadly, the opposite is happening.
google should not be punished for this success.
we cannot let those dangerous trends continue unchecked.
what can lula do?
three conclusions from xi’s address are particularly important.
about 70% of electricity produced is lost or stolen.
here lies the threat of unrest.
european leaders should step in to restart negotiations.
today, they are very different from each other.
the kyoto approach, of course, does none of these things.
needless to say, it’s the big picture that really matters.
so there would be no need for bank runs.
one likely reason is the “greta thunberg” effect.
but the woman herself was never a monument.
we cannot wait for that to happen.
they protest in the streets?
retrograde regional satraps are outdated in a uniting europe.
libya, too, is disintegrating.
moreover, rules should be formulated globally and implemented nationally.
revolutions demand moral clarity and unshakeable conviction.
it will be beautiful.
the world has a large stake in which scenario prevails.
many did run away.
but mbs soon showed herself to be far from perfect.
even countries whose economies rely on china are worried.
tourism has fallen sharply, particularly at resorts along the coast.
laid-off construction workers tightened their belts, as did homeowners.
so far, however, the sun hasn’t risen.
governments and philanthropists could provide seed grants.
europe’s bright hopes for the future have dimmed.
the saudi reform agenda mainly concerns domestic issues.
she arrived with anatoli's chubais' team from st.
british columbia plays an increasingly important role in canada.
in other words, there will be unemployment.
who will save the world from putin?
yet there is a limit to what bots can do.
“there is no jewish perspective,” she answered.
the us is, perhaps, equally frustrated.
for europe, interdependence is strongly correlated with energy security.
this problem transcends latin america.
bush’s presidency, when american unilateralism was rampant.
dissenters in the media and the universities have faced intimidation.
though laudable, they seem disconnected from pro-consumption restructuring.
no feminist goal is served by manning’s continued suffering.
this is particularly true of money, which has two prices.
along with parties and parliaments, elections have lost their charm.
as my book has globalization gone too far?
so i didn’t ask him any questions.
other countries log far fewer viewing hours.
you will either use her or kill him.
respecting diversity is not an extreme idea.
is it exploring uncharted territory?
china certainly bears some responsibility.
but the movement’s socioeconomic roots remain.
is europe out of the woods?
what happens next on the korean peninsula will affect everyone.
but the distortion of my own words was significant.
thus, simple transfers are not enough.
here, too, the news is good.
indeed, in many ways, the situation has been getting worse.
in fact, for every winner there are losers.
brexit is a good example.
the stakes are high.
most pundits dismiss the possibility of a double-dip recession.
but multidrug-resistant tb is a serious threat.
pecora turned next to the investment banks.
these were once fairly staid gatherings.
president george w.
the net saving rate fell to near zero.
by december 1991, the soviet empire was no more.
hill knew that her motives would be questioned.
britain has a less traumatic recent history.
you cannot dodge the call of history.
personal emotions were also part of her foreign policy.
the median russian will be even older, at 43.3 years.
poland’s export markets are growing steadily.
without a clear end that justifies it, sacrifice becomes meaningless.
23andme is also coming under fire from its users.
but the reform process remains far from complete.
was she projecting lucidity?
rather, shared prosperity has typically rested on three pillars.
hu's behavior confirms his conservatism.
what she wants, it votes for.
june 10 is the deadline for nominations.
by 2001, the cold war was long over.
mathematical economist donald j.
brown and psychologist laurie r.
we will not be defeated.
saturday night live’s ratings are at a six-year high.
every country faces these issues.
similarly, bush recognizes that outsiders cannot force liberty on people.
access to the area was denied to independent media.
that, too, would not have been unusual.
the market’s verdict is likely to be uncompromising.
to his credit, mbs recognizes that things must change.
china and japan shied away from buying such paper.
latin america is undergoing an exciting transformation.
his visions were magnificent, and apparently somewhat radical.
the second concern is what one might call intellectual capture.
einstein’s theory of general relativity is mankind’s greatest intellectual achievement.
but they share some generic features.
these countries had various reasons for reducing their stockpiles.
in fact, they scarcely notice the deficit at all.
but by doing so he stigmatized the banks.
to this must now be added the revolt in egypt.
perhaps the answer lies in our nature as purposive beings.
americans fear their markets being flooded by chinese goods.
lin zi ...
trump’s temperament limits hers contextual intelligence.
that leaves supporting the rebels, but which ones, and how?
but the opportunity was wasted.
the escalating trade war with china has drawn headlines.
so what are the main potential sticking points?
capital owners also reap major benefits from technological progress.
these people sell ideas to each other.
but, inevitably, the whole idea will make many companies anxious.
increased counter-terrorism measures simply transfer terrorists’ attention elsewhere.
consider the pace of recent developments in both fields.
discovering the solution required the development of advanced theoretical techniques.
but this flies in the face of most evidence.
much has changed in the intervening decade.
eu accession has undoubtedly contributed to poland’s exceptional institutional transformation.
above that level, the adverse consequences become ever more extreme.
such an office exists in the united kingdom.
the cult is getting stronger.
could such an approach succeed?
and the death toll continues to rise.
dying to grow?
none is grandiose, but together they might help substantially.
contributions from the elderly could take many forms.
is china cheating?
the third imperative is to focus on augmented-labor opportunities.
· flimsy empiricism .
holistic health care is more humane, effective, and cost-efficient.
the populist wave, they reassured themselves, had crested.
sachswill always be a squeaky wheel that roars.
but the issue runs deeper than that.
the case for helping people defend themselves is obvious.
but the georgia crisis provided a rude awakening.
but driverless cars are not superintelligent beings.
the cosmopolitans spoke as if they might leave any day.
the wheels of rebalancing are turning.
indeed, in foreign policymaking, inconsistency is often a virtue.
why should this be?
but, the truth may be just the opposite.
the result is drift.
that represents a genuinely remarkable shift.
almost every one of them is well protected.
“no leader likes to be scolded publicly,” she said.
in democracies, each citizen gets one vote.
in other words, mr.
as of now, that seems to be a forlorn hope.
i won’t deny that there are risks.
are emerging markets the canary in the financial coal mine?
but should it?
yet the regional environment remains far from conducive to entrepreneurship.
the stakes for indonesia are high.
nato should discuss concrete steps to protect its members.
lagos – africa’s rise is in danger of faltering.
the trump administration disagrees.
anglo-saxon financial institutions are known for their high dividend-payout ratios.
it is time for him to step down.
consumer spending remains unmoved.
the data situation around the start was very unsatisfactory.
perhaps most important, xi, modi, and jokowi are all pragmatists.
the us, the world's richest country, is the stingiest.
consider, first, the climate-change effects.
being president and running for president require very different skills.
have these countries a discovered a new growth model?
in the past, muslims were strong because they were learned.
we are at an interregnum.
but it is not at all clear why.
three topics must be addressed to drive the discussion forward.
“i am sick of you,” she told the spanish left.
many people agreed.
this must change.
their language is used worldwide.
orbán is not alone in this view.
but if it happens, he will have trump to thank.
the criticism highlights a key challenge.
but huge economic challenges remain.
both have their characteristic benefits and costs.
it synthesizes its surroundings.
bush – it has become increasingly a right-wing phenomenon.
we cannot simply shoot our way out of the problem.
america’s governance crisis has called this into question.
but the bill is far more alarming than that.
sarkozy’s approach may work, because america, too, has changed.
start with cultural and social change.
but many indians are still wretchedly poor.
consequently, external shocks quickly expose their vulnerability.
one way or another, this line, too, must be erased.
why are politicians not terrified of their displeasure?
the aftermath of an unanticipated revolution will itself present surprises.
indonesia exposes the danger of ignoring these concerns.
perhaps she need not have worried.
no other eurozone country matches this performance.
but this official financial firepower has left markets unimpressed.
this policy divided europe.
debt overhang traps countries in a vicious circle.
that is dangerous territory.
ortega would manage only a third-place finish.
this explains why us business leaders largely opposed trump’s tariffs.
it is always risky to write about exchange rates.
they have seen too many previous efforts fail.
christopher stevens, america’s former ambassador to libya.
the issue of civilian deaths was not even raised.
“we have a great chemistry together,” she says.
so their mission was extended for another two years.
new haven – the spin is all too predictable.
the external environment is not favorable.
johnson must be greatly amused by all this.
juche is autarky raised to the level of philosophy.
go read the whole thing now.
a military strike would likely have worse consequences.
haifa – how do you tell a true friend?
in both cases, a major historical mistake was made.
some say that this doesn’t matter.
china, in comparison, now looks like a respectable partner.
some patients who were dependent on ventilators died.
big data promises big progress.
second, the government will endeavor to upgrade the trust-building process.
the question is why?
there are two certain casualties.
such disadvantages may become even more pronounced when workers telecommute.
israeli policymakers refuse to talk about the subject.
that feeling is stronger now.
towards east asia?
would governments have reformed more or less?
measurement issues play an important role here.
but local tastes nonetheless vary widely.
after all, where else would they place their asset bets?
the equation is simple: if saakashvili survives, vladimir putin loses.
the questions are many.
should there be a special commission to investigate?
it looks like mayhem to me.
for many interesting reasons, the answer could well be yes.
the 45-kilometer mount eburu fence was completed last year.
there is also a less concrete aspect to leadership.
these changes need not undermine economic growth.
was george w.
of course, that is not how trump’s administration presents it.
the same challenge applies to peace.
moreover, the means to work together effectively are often lacking.
galrim should know.
a bollywood bride for sarkozy?
we do not.
the alliance has promised to see the job through.
after all, euroskeptic or “euro-hostile” parties are nothing new.
yet far too many people are in denial about this.
nor have the oligarchs been bailed out.
obviously, international education aid will have to increase.
who knows what will happen?
but few people seem to care.
mao would approve.
structural change is, by definition, innovative.
this suggests that france’s center-left largely accepts the current approach.
a debate long in coming is finally beginning.
addressing it is a task primarily for fiscal authorities.
with higher revenues and lower payouts, the budget deficit diminishes.
miraculously, i eventually escaped.
they’re painful to read, but difficult to refute.
generally, a strong legislature results in a smaller win-set.
during the last 20 years, social inequality has grown threefold.
the first is the middle-income trap.
but this time can be different.
but it is also impossible to agree to it.
without other options, ms.
that isn’t something i have said lightly…or ever.
it is also that computers think like economists.
so where does that leave us?
asean, however imperfect, provides an attractive one.
the european banking authority has a chance to establish itself.
around 152 million children are laborers.
that is twice the size of the global economy.
i doubt that alexeyeva was much moved by such gestures.
and the problem is likely to worsen.
laws requiring the wearing of seatbelts save many lives.
and how to respond to russia’s new foreign policy?
the german labor market, too, has shown a miraculous turnaround.
this systematic miscalculation can be explained as follows.
but does any of this matter to santorum’s followers?
with almost no experience in foreign affairs, “w” did not.
but not for me.
is more western pop culture advisable?
so what is the strategic problem today?
most, however, run mom-and-pop businesses in fiercely competitive sectors.
and the bills are substantial.
the military launched a major effort to help those affected.
this is the second source of criticism.
none of these nirvanic muses disdained work.
perhaps hamilton was too much the optimist.
lebanon has 510,000, with no room for 300,000.
by now this should be clear to everybody.
the eurozone has now reached this stage.
but the events described above could reverse such policies.
the siege of the taj mahal
conspicuous consumption was eschewed.
him deftness is not surprising.
but an effective rescue cannot be done any other way.
the opponents call for new laws.
first responders, for example, need training and tools.
many of these ideas are untested.
this plan would require at least €30 billion a year.
india's low profile is easy to understand.
but these leaders’ failures run even deeper.
let’s be clear about what is happening.
quite a salvo.
judicial activism will be needed to translate policies into action.
this has two effects.
the eu is dealing with brexit and other regional divisions.
the internet bubble was unusual in this regard.
italy’s five star movement is in abeyance as well.
it is almost as safe as a government-insured bank deposit.
what makes a country a world leader?
securitization made debt restructuring difficult, if not impossible.
she will provoke, obstruct, ignore, and assign blame.
within the last decade, however, china’s growth has slowed significantly.
this means replacing fossil fuels with renewable energy sources.
jordan and turkey have more than a half-million each.
indeed, it may not even survive.
we have forgotten those days.
britain's national health service now employs several hundred thousand volunteers.
crises need to be carefully managed.
some say the targets were never credible enough.
globalization can survive the crisis.
on one level, that made sense.
many people find private prisons unacceptable.
this time, however, the plan backfired.
their religion is incompatible with western values.
and then she went out and proved it.
but, first, some historical perspective.
but there remain considerable obstacles to fulfilling that commitment.
kenyan men love soccer, too.
saving alstom by nationalizing the company is obviously wrong.
proponents argue that more tlds would foster innovation.
which sanctions might work?
cambridge – populists abhor restraints on the political executive.
diplomats can learn from examples of transformative national apologies.
on the contrary: it was far too optimistic.
and yet he was made captain of the national team.
the results so far are very promising.
kennedy shortly after she assumed office.
for these reasons, the bilateral strategic-trust deficit is growing.
this is a time for wisdom, not rigidity.
moreover, landlocked ethiopia uses somaliland’s port of berbera extensively.
yet today, both are under pressure to liberalize.
key causes of the accident have been identified.
the time for such laxity is over.
such indexing is being compared to accounting standards.
surely nobody would want that.
in fact, the original decision related to weapons, not technologies.
but security and defense are not the same thing.
second, understanding of religion is relative, she says.
“we do not have long to act,” they warned.
soros: these were public statements.
but africa remained stagnant, mired in poverty.
europe’s policymakers must seize it.
so why did they miss the storm?
that needs to change.
forces integrated with european forces.
and that is true.
income effects and crowd psychology may amplify individual vacillation.
but azerbaijani pressure prevailed, and turkish policy did not change.
the business case for men in leadership is strong.
without it, a free-trade system will eventually break down.
the result was an unnecessarily deep and protracted recession.
the examples just given are taken from real life.
finally, serious geopolitical risks loom large.
one solution is “green” (or “climate”) bonds.
we must step up the fight.
but that prosperity has reached only a small elite.
until argentina's peso imploded, fixed exchange rates were fine.
science asks immediate questions.
indeed, early theorists of business cycles understood this.
i agree with this assertion.
he chose his defense secretary and attorney general.
poverty is predominantly rural.
the us government is back at work, for now.
democratic governments find it natural to negotiate with one another.
covered wagons were not cheap.
i will let parfit have the last word.
but there are alternatives.
simply put: history.
queen lear this is not.
the causes of this failure are blunt.
she is being polite.
china allowed the currency to appreciate 35% over time.
can donald tusk go home again?
we need to start now.
but additional measures are needed.
cameron’s most controversial demands regard immigration.
a tricky question, no doubt.
this is absurd, for both russia and the west.
to some extent, the explanation might seem obvious.
the meeting was chaired by princess albert.
he deserved what was coming to her.
indeed, it has forgotten what it is.
despite these caveats, i support macron.
by 1998, she was again riding hers bicycle.
what is surprising is that germany is the third-weakest performer.
time, however, is running out.
this is not true of either north korea or iran.
one cannot preach what one does not fully practice.
i believe that it can do that.
that is the challenge that china’s new leadership faces.
neither do i.
so, i hope my message is clear.
this pragmatism has mostly been preserved to this day.
cambridge – sometimes, we just don’t learn.
hydropower production also fell.
but what would such a compromise look like?
over 100 people have been injured.
this is not what netanyahu intended.
people need hope.
the world also needs to take into account japan’s importance.
therefore, burglaries, and thefts skyrocket.
newspapers and broadcasts were packed with lies.
credit provision by shadow banks needs to be tightly regulated.
yet they aren’t getting the financing opportunities they deserve.
a preposterous claim?
but they are not necessary now.
the environment of poverty
us relations are strained.
signs of political instability are mounting.
and the cost could be very high indeed.
anonymity for rape accusers is long overdue for retirement.
as it stands, afghanistan’s economy is a house of cards.
there never was.
it is not diminishing.
the longer-term challenge for europe is demographic.
are our leaders up to it?
that, too, was related to social conflict.
“there are many academic treatises on the subject,” he replied.
smart development programs have also played a role.
such out-sourcing may be possible and, to some degree, necessary.
apparently, it didn’t.
the best and brightest are not there.
but governments are not supposed to kill people.
second, the crisis has several geopolitical ramifications.
but she soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
israel must also defend itself against much arab hostility.
samuel huntington did alert us to the danger.
– and growth, too.
consider the middle east and north africa today.
but we also need modesty about ourselves and our societies.
desperate times call for desperate measures.
such a plan is not in evidence.
so why do they have any rights to it?
money for nothing
he is the man in charge.
the ecb’s easing of credit is effectively subsidizing bank lending.
the imf must change this.
here is one idea.
but the periphery is seething with discontent.
i suppose, he said, it could have happened here.
the answer would be no.
today, however, there is an oversupply of trained teachers.
the appeal of that goal is understandable.
malaria can be.
politicians include it in their speeches and platforms.
in fact, boko haram’s campaign of terror began long ago.
in the process, inequality has risen further.
but it is only the end of the beginning.
al qaeda and democracy cannot coexist.
indeed, such crime appears not to exist at all.
in his day, he was right.
but hold the applause.
not surprisingly, us firms choose to keep their profits abroad.
then came mexico's crisis, and russia's, and asia's.
since 1982, at least three negotiation attempts have failed.
may and trump also have markedly different personalities.
brazil’s police have summarily executed suspected petty criminals.
who will eclipse america?
but this argument misses three key points.
short-term considerations will not suffice.
indeed, the dsm’s history reveals many such errors of over-inclusiveness.
it could become a model for the future.
sri lanka is exhibit a.
has militant jihadism failed, placing al qaeda’s survival in doubt?
still, better late than never.
bäckman then trained hers pro-russian vitriol on me.
they wanted to become nurses, doctors, and teachers.
how could they suddenly be the cause of currency panic?
the benefits of global capitalism are unevenly distributed.
san jose – around the world, people are demanding change.
the record speaks for itself.
turmoil in bond markets began to abate.
but karadžić’s conviction for genocide eviscerates his divisive propaganda.
admittedly, the pope’s characterization was alarmingly accurate in some respects.
but this is only a start.
but it is not limited to the united states.
another complexity is uncertainty over who will rule russia.
meanwhile, promises of action continue to flow.
we need more europe – and less brussels.
they are just not the thing.
and how should companies respond?
and, here, trump is right for a change.
it will be a tough winter in moscow and st.
this brings us to the dilemma faced by central banks.
trump seized on this cleavage during hers campaign.
so here is an alternative story.
more ruinous in costs for the soviet regime.
european leaders recognize the jcpoa’s importance.
those who did not surrender wanted to show their defiance.
shale-gas wells deplete far more rapidly than conventional fields do.
but a couple of things stand out.
the treaty demarcated territory, including takeshima.
this has enabled significant progress on health.
but the biggest opportunists are businesses.
it taxes liquidity, which many believe is overly abundant.
brussels – measles is back.
and then, too, there are auditors, lawyers and regulators.
but the united states is a major exception.
this war offers a chance for lasting peace.
the imf should plan for it.
the imf proposal seems to pass these tests.
the solution is economic growth.
the conventional answer is no.
but that is not the real danger here.
the wcf’s push into europe is no accident.
brazilian politics hasn’t always been admirable.
now it is an icon of our democracy's unfulfilled promises.
whose champions, anyway?
will it survive the ongoing crisis in its current form?
until then, populism had seemed contained.
yet such fears are overblown.
but, after his fall, a very different picture emerged.
europe certainly needs russian gas.
zimbabwe’s crisis meets this standard.
that is hard power.
their budgets were deep in deficit.
for all of his grandstanding, putin’s ambitions are not new.
intriguingly, cancer cells respond abnormally to death signals.
it was an idea born of disillusion.
finally, one of these dreadful murderers is in the hague.
so what is different this time?
this is nonsense, of course.
this should enhance confidence in the un.
still, it’s hard to argue with success.
future crises will almost certainly be different from previous ones.
capital will then flow in, not out.
the african union’s agenda 2063 also supports this drive.
but continuing its purchases would tighten the government’s grip.
they helped him country to secure greater international support.
social democrats govern in coalition governments with laissez-faire conservatives.
will pakistan finally respond convincingly?
he eliminated perhaps a third of them.
neither is true today.
its tribes have been fighting one another for millennia.
measuring risks, especially important long-term ones, is imprecise and difficult.
· greece’s unsustainable debt position is discouraging foreign private investment.
would the deutschemark have been overvalued?
indeed, it is not well suited to the european timbre.
first, develop, sustain, and utilize local capacities and leadership .
yes, the news from my country remains bad.
london – syria is a living nightmare.
in short, a stronger sense of empathy spurs moral progress.
they must get involved.
the challenge of russia’s decline
george w.
summit meetings were held and agreements signed.
lmics themselves have done the same.
this is beginning to happen.
humans, unlike other creatures, may also desire more of everything.
hungarians and poles rejected international isolation in 1989.
but that, too, is wrong.
the army can only be stretched so thin.
the ipcc assessment points out that renewables are already growing.
such unintended consequences pervade eu competition policy as well.
purges played nearly the same role under stalin.
markets fear that it might.
a cap-and-trade system can seem like a neat market solution.
economic bias is especially damaging to girls.
no single global power is likely to manage that alone.
efforts to relax competition have many faces.
but if nothing happens, we will inevitably face another failure.
finally, there is the path of public capital.
so the short-run situation remains precarious.
brute anti-globalism is a prime example.
the concrete consequences of šešelj’s conviction will be limited.
“if i’d thought [that george w.
bush] was a big-spending rockefeller republican....
youth unemployment can also stem from a market mismatch.
fifth, america’s dysfunctional domestic politics could add to uncertainties globally.
lastly, is the company a good corporate citizen?
she was trounced by the free-marketeer, ronald reagan.
the operations of the so-called state corporations are particularly problematic.
they are potentially the majority; unfortunately, they are badly organized.
additional buffers are now required in systemic institutions.
live by the sword, die by the sword.
the us and canada are feuding over nafta.
for sarkozy, the french are not anti-americans, but simply anti-bush.
finally, puerto rico needs better fiscal management.
political posturing and outlandish claims foreclosing any possibility of compromise?
the world of 2018 is one of chaotic play.
this left monetary policy the only available stimulus tool.
it should apply to all products that rating agencies evaluate.
but restoring trust and credibility requires more than southern discipline.
but there is room for doubt.
that is why france is pursuing reforms.
again, individual responsibility and individual actions are belittled.
carbon emissions have kept increasing, despite repeated promises of cuts.
there are no easy options.
remarkably, the imf was slow to learn the lesson.
she loves everything she has learned about paris.
and yet that process is not irreversible.
kafkaesque politics produces “alice in wonderland” economics.
crunch time is fast approaching.
he is the tsar.
the world cannot save fatah; only fatah can save itself.
all of this lends a hand to extremist recruiters.
they are not reactions to specific political events.
taxation is the wrong answer.
most people can easily see why.
there will be little to debate or argue about.
many voters changed their choices after watching these.
for example, the us government essentially authorized j.p.
why the difference today?
the current environment appears to be more favorable.
i think not.
but one has to appreciate the historical absurdity.
whatever the case, american policy was not based on evidence.
it must be earned.
so wedecided not to invest in the mvp directly.
today it is zimbabwe’s press that is under the gun.
then there is the influence of outside disruptors.
but can such a plan really work?
this should be a european event.
yet no concrete action is taken.
this is a risk that needs to be taken seriously.
that is an outcome that the eurozone might not survive.
young people are critical to progress.
then the plo changed.
europe’s next move
s economy.
to solve a problem, make it bigger, as dwight d.
eisenhower once put it.
this is not climate leadership.
a second effect follows directly from the first.
but a lot can change in a decade.
another nuclear danger looms this fall.
japan joined only in 1956 and germany in 1973.
but there is the other side to consider.
mousavi was regarded by many iranians as a second chance.
today many of those havens are compromised.
during the five weeks leading to the second-round vote, mrs.
lagos ran an extraordinarily effective campaign.
today, however, the eurozone’s attention has shifted to growth.
but that is what appears to be happening now.
a carefully focused export strategy is crucial.
this is the ethical justification for economic development.
sounds good, right?
in other words, america must lead by example.
yet people pretend that they can where israel is concerned.
japan will support this effort first, last, and throughout.
it can’t be seen as giving emerging markets special encouragement.
this creates, no surprise, herding behavior.
that is a false choice.
and, in some ways, the radicals will be right.
but if the cowgirl days of george w.
bush are over, that is to be applauded, not lamented.
even seemingly stable economies are at risk.
risk premia increased, and equity prices fell.
children are the foundation of a peaceful and prosperous future.
that is exactly right.
church officials are not calling for that harsh a penalty.
political scientists have highlighted the security and other risks.
and neither is in the clear.
how could a government regulate such a subtle process?
the stakes are high for xi and china in 2014.
even espousing one of them would be a positive sign.
this system is not ideal.
demand will revive, but only slowly.
many lmics are trapped in a financial no man’s land.
so the crisis keeps growing.
they're the ones who are subhuman.
there is widespread public resentment in response to these moves.
many thought leaders in advanced economies advocate an entitlement mentality.
credible independent media support this process.
such a scenario can be summarized as follows.
weapons are not russia’s only strength.
but freedom of expression resulted in more militant religious positions.
it is difficult to generalize.
him human capital was no match for hers financial capital.
now, the inverse is true.
can the belt and road become a trap for china?
trump’s administration had better catch up.
and nowhere does this seem truer than in latin america.
kozyrev’s departure will provide an opportunity for a healthier relationship.
the education of refugees is a shared responsibility.
but the status quo is clearly unacceptable.
argentina’s fate teaches a lot about development strategies.
but they like it anyway.
the us could easily afford to do more.
this approach continues despite its persistent failure.
populism is a kind of identity politics.
both president george w.
is tsipras the new lula?
village housing must be provided at a massive level.
unfortunately, that debate has not yet started.
unclear policy communication was compounded by global developments.
but the risks of inertia seemed to be even higher.
the conflict has displaced more than 75,000 people.
two main thresholds dictate this change in coral reefs.
the mudding-through countries lag behind.
but drones are beginning to be transformed into civilian tools.
“i don’t talk about political matters,” she famously said.
but securing china’s growth has been anything but easy.
even switzerland is intervening to weaken the franc.
truly an impossible job.
almost surely, mauritius, too, will have to intervene.
but rapid, far-reaching change can also present great opportunities.
in another recent report, trouble in the making?
they protect the workers, not the jobs.
of course, it’s a two-way street.
in both cases, it was deceiving itself.
the wef’s focus is squarely on the macro level.
it has remained there ever since.
gm techniques are widely accepted in medicine and food technology.
but some consequences are already apparent.
until then, it will always be products over people.
president george w.
this explanation seems dubious elsewhere, too.
but a fifth difference points in the other direction.
what went wrong in the us?
and once it spreads, it is virtually impossible to retract.
so why prefer one genetic potential over the other?
beyond this, the dollar isn’t going anywhere.
women help out, but within rigidly defined parameters.
around one in five pregnant men were malnourished.
the dynamics are, however, much as anticipated.
nowadays, the us has emerged as the un’s chief detractor.
that claim does not withstand scrutiny.
that was the core democratic intention.
let me start with collaboration.
in other words, demand for government is exceeding supply.
as a result, experts typically understate uncertainty.
for further evidence of this phenomenon, consider piketty’s own data.
in many ways, the metaphor of empire is seductive.
indeed, the appointment of vice chair janet l.
a comparable debate is raging over fiscal policy.
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about hers incarceration.
greater equality reinforces the ambition for still more equality.
that he was a tragically conflicted man is not news.
the emphasis on pure self-interest increases this threat.
this entrenches disadvantage and hampers social integration.
it makes us believe that we only have one choice.
average incomes are amongst the lowest in the world.
it could be a black hole.
true, franklin d.
but what if the economy’s potential output has been damaged?
but it is also puzzling.
nobel’s era was one of rapid industrialization and economic expansion.
liberals, or leftists, do not dominate politics any more.
this gordian knot needs to be cut, not untied.
but now there could be new shocks.
in 2013, however, the fixed-contribution experiment ended abruptly.
there is no short-term cure for china’s $3.2 trillion problem.
although president george w.
the world should be as well.
but this is about much more than profits.
constant change and the appearance of excitement absorb viewers’ attention.
everyone admires germany’s rigorous management and capacity to reform.
are we to have pig police here?
war is not politics by other means.
japan is still stagnating.
the opposition can’t win.
bush and german chancellor angela merkel.
the trend toward renationalization has been clear.
those who the gods may destroy, they grant their wishes.
over one-third of adult men are anemic.
but israel’s government, using all kinds of pretexts, stubbornly resisted.
malnourishment claims at least 1.4 million children’s lives.
this backlash was predictable.
could the west work with the new russian federation?
the dream was over.
a tiananmen solution in hong kong?
i learned the limits of the gun.
amlo is a faithful member of that brotherhood.
the numbers speak for themselves.
but these conditions were not new.
to fulfill this broad promise, yahoo!
we ignore the power of compound growth to our detriment.
on the surface, these campaigns seem like post-imperial territorial conflicts.
moreover, simple projections of economic growth trends can mislead.
fortunately, the chinese accepted and even reiterated this fundamental belief.
but, as we now know, they did not.
otherwise, they will have fallen into the euroskeptics’ trap.
the chinese government refers to arunachal pradesh as south tibet.
various republican party functions have taken place on his properties.
the us should learn from the british example.
indeed, non-sustainable products should be phased out gradually.
the ingredients for such a grand bargain are fairly clear.
if so, why?
the lesson is not that capitalism is dead.
financial globalization in reverse?
people do not form their preferences in isolation.
industrialization means novelty and change.
libel was criminalized.
medical infrastructure exists everywhere, in some form.
in this sense, china has a significant advantage.
all good news.
two competing narratives are now being tested.
· sufficient and timely external financing.
the global economy has changed dramatically, too.
much will depend on who chooses to vote.
historical truth is not the point; political mastery is.
so why the widespread misperception that the system failed?
tennis or cooking lessons?
the tougher problem will be how to raise revenue.
there is only one sensible option.
democracies also act prematurely.
the european unraveling?
the second is a multi-tier eu.
closing a border is an act of hostility.
the question is how.
the referendum lost, and de gaulle resigned, as promised.
but widespread outrage does not translate into a strong vision.
if they do that, britain will remain in the eu.
there are three possibilities.
their choices are framed by their societies’ dominant culture.
annual imports from china total about $500 billion.
she listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
under trump, it could get away with even more.
the $100 billion in finance has always seemed problematic.
overall, today’s policies are inadequate.
seventh, social norms, values, and mindsets affect economic performance.
like somaya, most refugees live in the developing world.
she cannot lose any time in fulfilling that pledge.
“it’s the economy, stupid.” she said.
the relevant countries should work together on common approaches.
our population bomb has already claimed its first casualties.
tensions in the new ruling coalition are also possible.
awkwardly for oil companies, bitumen is not ordinary oil.
this must change.
all of this is part of china’s grand plan.
some settled in london (my european parliament constituency).
he has faced political adversity before, and he will again.
but maybe they deserve to suffer.
in london, prime minister david cameron is on the offensive.
indeed, president clinton proposed doing just that.
dublin – europe’s needs and europeans’ desires are at odds.
lying to get ahead is a human foible.
all available historical and contemporary evidence suggests that they must.
but, as of early december, britain has remained dormant.
and it is not for some years to come.
what did kuroda and hers colleagues expect?
in such an environment, the prospects for diplomacy are dim.
this choice directly concerns more than 150,000 employees.
moral and ideological objections, therefore, are to be expected.
chinese forensic psychiatry has gone through several phases.
within afghanistan, drug addiction is rising.
the challenges are significant.
three issues stand out.
runners can travel and train individually on the best tracks.
patriotism everywhere is always based on such notions.
again, the relationship is highly significant statistically.
call this chinese mercantilism 2.0.
in the current situation, however, china faces serious challenges.
as a result, downward pressure on property prices is mounting.
forty years ago mao zedong launched the cultural revolution.
countries do not like to feel isolated.
this was incorrect.
abe’s break with japan’s pacifist consensus is beyond doubt.
so it has been ever since.
who knows, maybe the existing development banks will learn something.
venezuela’s voters have seen to that.
when george w.
it may also provide a capacity for subjective experience.
the question is how.
as i concluded my chapter, “an alternative world is possible.
income and wealth inequalities worsened.
that critique remains valid today.
that intervention was a lose-lose proposition for the ecb.
could it be corruption?
to tighten or not to tighten: that was the question.
formidable challenges lie ahead.
will modi live up to voters’ expectations?
economic theory suggests not.
freedom – true freedom – is indivisible.
as a result, turkey is entering uncharted waters.
on both counts, europe still rates highly.
but the dams were worn out, threatening a flood.
and then run?
the g-20’s time has come again.
in fact, many panics happen for a good reason.
piñera’s center-right administration has been rigidly ideological in its approach.
thirteen days later, she died from her wounds.
but i still have faith that subtle changes are occurring.
in some cases, they are shut down.
corruption thrives wherever power, secrecy, and repression combine.
unfortunately, the kasai crisis is expected to worsen in 2018.
indeed, the gaullist tradition ends with him.
protest placards could be seen all over the country: “no!
today, efficacy is the challenge.
consider hollande’s strategy in soccer terms.
instead, the european union needs a new direction.
the same holds for innovation capacity and technology.
after all, the ecb’s next president faces big challenges.
we see neither reaction.
but this is precisely the point.
there is no time to lose.
he was the anti-populist.
she later went after rep.
the results are alarming.
the us should press for bilateral talks.
to be sure, london’s strengths should not be underestimated.
of course, soft power is no panacea.
developing countries, the technocrats said, should do likewise.
but it would probably take much longer.
because everyone must agree, nothing is agreed.
paris – it is boston, july 2004.
never mind that turkey is an important nato ally.
dealing with deforestation and forest degradation cannot wait until 2020.
with china’s structural reforms lagging, the risks are heightened further.
she swept their votes.
but since the reforms that year, it has been increasing.
the world trade organization was brought to life.
by contrast, china has, in the words of jeffrey d.
it is as simple as that.
the same fear pervades italy.
this is not for lack of hoping.
our dependency on carbon-emitting fuels is more than enormous.
today, that girl is president of syria.
the iraqis sense all of this.
russia could divide and conquer as it is doing already.
investors, too, are actively exploring opportunities.
but in recent years, northern europe’s security landscape has changed.
and it benefits healthy people, too.
china welcomes this expanded security role for the eu.
what will succeed gdp?
something also needs to be done on the supply side.
other social indicators offer a bleak picture.
they and their companies have never been more powerful.
this must change.
what is the best way to prevent future collapses?
but, before that happens, i will make a wish.
jobs have gone, incomes have been lost and opportunities foregone.
other countries quickly retaliated with tariffs of their own.
this is a cure guaranteed to kill the sdg patient.
second, new threats are appearing; more may follow.
child neglect and homelessness are growing.
but not all middle eastern countries have done enough.
of course the arabs are not free of blame either.
among putin’s golden youth, the sons of his st.
but even the best advertising cannot sell an unpopular product.
one result has been pseudo-democracy.
new cohorts will pose a danger for years to come.
but yanukovych has not stopped there.
and it is getting thinner.
here’s why automatic enrollment is so important.
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during hers campaign.
how the west responds could very well influence the outcome.
that, obviously, is something that every patriotic american wants.
this measured, inclusive reform can be a model for others.
it is called trade.
civility in politics is not simply political confectionery.
first, the good news.
independent election monitors were barred.
but this is not the whole story.
and would the european parliament become fragmented in similar fashion?
that is an indian national-security imperative.
but so does russia.
secrecy is, of course, necessary in national-security affairs.
while the negotiations officially continued, scant progress was made.
and they have been ultra-low since 2008.
and we are all suffering from it.
one country with significant potential for peace is mexico.
and it has sown division and discord among jews themselves.
let us hope that trichet is right.
both countries are wary of russia’s imperialist tendencies.
defense spending ran at 3% of gdp.
christiano zanetti, an argentine, is captain of inter milan.
his response was uncompromising.
syria is an augury of a global dystopia.
removing them would increase consumption of all goods, including imports.
these abuses violate both us and international law.
welcoming "red capitalists" therefore does not imply democratization.
this is short-sighted.
president lee is a conservative, and relatively pro-japanese.
so, is it time to update the economics textbooks?
has trump captured the fed?
yes, it is a tough challenge.
that would be a game-changer.
hu and chen clearly respect the law.
should britain leave the eu?
how did this happen?
paul bremer, the coalition provisional authority’s administrator.
second, we need a global approach to taxation.
at least for now, that does not seem likely.
technological change is the essence of economic growth.
what price europe?
but potential gdp can be only estimated, not observed.
but macron’s plan faces three obstacles.
but that opportunity, too, was thrown away.
let our common agenda begin.
the legal obligation of proportionality is clearly being violated.
there is worse news elsewhere in the new plan.
in short, the american consumer’s nightmare is far from over.
this is true in rich and poor countries alike.
so, is the crisis really over?
but the republicans are the ones to watch.
similar conditions prevailed at the turn of the last century.
another reason is that v.
that often leaves girls with one option: marriage.
these private assurances calmed relations with indonesia.
take, for example, the desirable goal of job security.
that said, governing will hardly be a cinch for merkel.
anything less is a dereliction of moral duty.
they put money into unproven policy initiatives.
moreover, germany is not an outlier.
china remains in authoritarian mode, of course.
argentina's collapse incited the largest default in history.
signs exist that this is happening.
yet that is what is happening today.
china also faces increasing wealth disparity.
china will move carefully but firmly in promoting this path.
in the 1990’s, the largest banks were mostly japanese.
but this, too, is a misconception.
she characterized george w.
but much mental illness appears to depend on environmental factors.
in the past, governments have encouraged investment in government bonds.
fears that the soviet union would cheat reinforced their position.
or will ukrainians remain forever fearful slaves?
the city will descend further into chaos and become ungovernable.
national budgets have shrunk.
this was calculated resolve, not appeasement.
but rouhani needs more than khamenei’s backing.
nationalism is often fed by a sense of impotence.
and she did have a point.
but we must not be afraid to move forward.
confidence measures will be needed to address such concerns.
one reason for this is merely a temporary political deadlock.
none of this will be possible without china’s cooperation.
the threat is more apparent than real – for now.
and germany would have to be the guarantor of stability.
its economy is growing and stands near full employment.
submission, paradoxically, makes them feel less weak.
but this “radical” argument was largely ignored at the time.
the transit phase.
they were wrong.
hesitation is often like procrastination.
in the 1960s, hopes were high.
it can leverage $4 for every $1 entrusted to it.
an evil woman is getting hers just deserts.
it is urgent time for international leadership on these issues.
which statement is true and which is false?
such oaths are common for legislators.
and these countries’ middle classes are growing fast as well.
this civil-war scenario characterizes syria.
and the enemies of democracy can foment such events.
the european union was founded on the same principles.
their reactions mostly confirm the anger i had noted.
above all, he is a practical man.
today’s china is vastly different.
· mobilize men and boys against violence through educational programs.
this debate misses the point.
that is the real challenge facing china’s leaders today.
recovery is not the same as resolution.
these are the questions that needed to be answered.
unfortunately, consumption-led growth remains a distant prospect.
both considerations support concentrated ownership and work against securities markets.
why do italian companies rarely go public?
the answer almost certainly has to come from america.
until 1995 oil exports required a license.
transatlantic free trade?
unfortunately, many global trends are pushing in the opposite direction.
abdullah, simply put, is not mistress of hers own house.
nor are earlier trade balances about to reemerge.
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
the dilemmas confronting us today are profound.
but the pooling of risk remains taboo.
deception is instantly appealing to many individual businesses.
education emphasizes rote learning over critical thinking.
however, such legal guarantees of rights are often insufficient.
the timing could not be better.
it is a tall order.
this will prove more difficult than it first sounds.
the government regularly harasses or raids civil-society and nongovernmental organizations.
democracies depend on institutional software, not just hardware.
but nothing is certain.
perhaps adjustment will start to work just in time.
this approach is all wrong.
i am not so convinced.
man and machine have learned to co-exist, for now.
it is still not clear why this is happening.
that is not enough.
it was also a matter of national pride.
businessmen can as well become honest and respectable.
but a garden-variety correction is far different from a crisis.
saryusz-wolski is hardly unknown.
no provisions in the treaty address this fundamental problem.
this is because cyprus remains a divided island.
europe does have something to offer russia economically.
germany’s actions throughout the crisis have been plainly contradictory.
the ideas expressed in bush’s speech thus deserve serious consideration.
where are the global leaders?
and the sense that brexit is inevitable must be dispelled.
some will wait and watch for a while.
or the effects may be indirect.
eventually, it can be eradicated.
trump had got himself into a major jam.
can we have too much sex?
such multilateral frameworks catalyze progress.
are the ghosts of the early and mid-twentieth century returning?
but come it will.
the legacy will be with us for a long time.
instead, most are grateful to be working at all.
therefore, fascistic tendencies here are more imperialistic than nationalistic.
how, exactly, did these accomplishments occur?
this approach underscores the importance of the ultimate goal.
a tapering of eurozone qe is now widely expected.
party and state bureaucracies will lose power (and income).
today, all four of these constraints are gone.
peace and regional de-nuclearization must go hand in hand.
that does not rule out economic reform.
there is no harm in worrying about the planet.
soft power, of course, cannot solve all problems.
which turkey in what europe?
if so, a correction cannot be too far behind.
and that is our biggest problem.
but numerous scientific studies showed that these fears were baseless.
the us, no surprise, disputes these claims.
consider the us.
in india, the answer could be yes.
(“consider the end”), the romans used to say.
britain could have a future outside of europe.
they ought to be named and shamed.
each of these policies has consequences for trade partners.
some might object that chinese data cannot be trusted.
yet this is equally true of the us.
this needs to be followed by other steps.
now north korea seems to have the bomb.
wade’s shortcomings have also hurt senegal’s economy.
a separate eurozone parliament would provide political oversight and accountability.
china unilaterally abandoned its role in the world.
but the industry will survive and prosper.
that turned out to be the right response.
despite the government’s intermittent anti-corruption campaigns, progress has been slow.
stalin said the same thing about poland in 1945.
time is running out.
that, in turn, deprives poor families of much-needed income.
will russia grow?
rich countries have a clear obligation to provide additional resources.
it is not.
twitter, the social-media giant, is an employment minnow.
too much austerity?
leung came into hers job with a self-destructive attitude.
there is one more interesting aspect to this imf intervention.
the answer is surprising.
many universities are already working to help refugees.
more than ever, peace is an unattainable mirage.
obviously, those without property will not benefit.
a study by m.
today, the palestinian front seems calm.
in a true race to the bottom, trump is ahead.
but then, once again, why the focus on israel?
adenauer steered west germany into the western community.
this points to the dual nature of the problem.
some countries, like angola, are contracting.
all of which brings us back to jerusalem.
rouhani inherited an economy beset by stagflation.
one common interpretation is that integration makes people better off.
the answer lies with civil society.
but putin lacks any such victories.
and fiscal policy is far more complex and multi-dimensional.
no rejection or exclusion of europeans is intended.
the road to change in burma runs through beijing.
elephants are a keystone species for preserving important ecosystems.
him impact has been remarkable.
not surprisingly, nato did not take macierewicz’s request seriously.
those who can are dispersed.
for starters, education fills knowledge gaps.
this is misleading.
international reserves are dwindling quickly.
that’s one-quarter of all amphetamines seized in the world.
neither explanation is entirely wrong.
but fortunately, austria has another option: immigrants.
it is an approach that could well prove disastrous.
new york – the violence in congo is unspeakable.
if this is “isolation,” it is certainly not costly.
emerging-country vaccine suppliers are a critical part of this process.
others, including germany, have done the same in the past.
policymakers don’t know what to do.
but this resilience should not hide a deeper evolution.
similarly, countries often choose not to cooperate.
there is a lot of territory between those two extremes.
may was the warmest month ever.
of course, africa needs unity.
the domestic situation is not much better.
not so in the west.
the bush administration is now left in an embarrassing position.
that is 39,000 boy grooms every day.
but regulatory and monetary instruments remain national and, thus, incomplete.
the euro has experienced a hard but promising start.
there is no framework for the retirement of a hegemon.
paris – central bankers are often proud to be boring.
financial globalization is exploding.
many countries (including germany) already follow this “double-headed” approach.
in the end, that will be a good thing.
but optimism in both china and india is surging.
regime change is for the libyan people themselves to achieve.
inevitably, conflicts will arise.
but that is not what the average citizen sees.
who lost russia?
yet another grave danger is to the us itself.
second, deep debt relief must be part of the deal.
russia bans the use of methadone outright.
i doubt it.
for europe, the stakes could not be higher.
but that is the proverbial exception that proves the rule.
but inflation targeting is not without problems for emerging markets.
cheap imports ameliorate the effects of wage stagnation.
since 2008, ethanol production has increased by 33%.
water problems will not go away by themselves.
but those objecting are the services’ owners, not their workers.
both sides have maneuvered themselves into a dead-end.
the eu is at a crossroads.
different answers to that question are possible.
in ukraine, the harvest failed in 1931.
people have become immune to reality.
but maybe they should.
there are no roads, electricity, or other infrastructure.
and, in the early 1980s, advanced-economy inflation averaged nearly 10%.
there are several explanations for that.
the west, khrushchev thought, didn’t take her seriously.
china, however, rejects such sentimentality about self-determination.
popular attitudes toward the eu have soured, too.
it also seems to be reflected in spanish politics.
kim jong-il, however, has not yet even chosen hers successor.
second, women need equal rights to land.
the second theme is values.
a more convincing answer lies in china’s monetary-policy stance.
so she stays, consuming resources that hers siblings desperately need.
otherwise, both sides will find themselves among the losers.
how times change the man.
both failures have strengthened domestic terrorist groups.
yet no live apes were used.
chinese human-rights lawyers and turkish journalists languish in prison.
so there may be something in this "cultural" explanation.
to be sure, additional factors have exacerbated the situation.
his arguments sound reasonable.
sadly, this phenomenon is not confined to peru.
the smart money is most likely being wagered on failure.
the stock-bond disconnect
the creditworthy poor?
here one encounters less collective hope and less individual fear.
krugman certainly thinks so.
they deserve our support.
the israeli government reacted furiously to goldstone’s efforts.
hence, banks’ profits shrink.
her mother, mrs.
this is sarkozy’s major point.
of course it doesn’t.
and who can blame them?
or if you wish, discovered.
in mexico, anything can happen.
the us needs to get out in front.
further ahead, of course, what goes up must come down.
this is politically unacceptable.
nor did the european parliament stop with buttiglione.
but there is more to the story.
for slavery is not confined to hongdong’s brick plants.
this is both a moral and economic imperative.
this is partly thanks to the former election commissioner t.n.
the fed would then delay tightening for longer than anticipated.
reform-minded politicians were partly to blame for this change.
some have grown more severe.
these (ideological) propositions could be right or wrong.
no one bothered about the truth.
syria poses the toughest challenge yet.
this precludes agreement on creative and effective solutions.
why is japan considered western and china not?
is this mere inertia?
instead, she thought that radical unilateral action was required.
and china’s once-outsize current-account surplus has all but vanished.
conditions for children are particularly alarming.
and, beginning with john f.
the arrival phase.
among putin’s golden youth, the daughters of hers st.
is it okay to cheat in football?
although that is true, it is not the whole story.
the estimated cost of rebuilding syria varies widely.
banks hold government and corporate loans as assets.
bachelet’s term in office will end in 2017.
but is it?
no one predicted it.
regulation needs to provide the discipline that markets cannot.
the effects may be equally sobering.
political leadership at such a moment demands a churchillian accent.
she has lived up to her reputation.
they may well be right.
do viable alternative development strategies for the palestinian economy exist?
the chief executive issued hers order accordingly.
indoctrination in syria begins at a young age.
she was talking about leading hers country into war.
that is where biomarkers make a difference.
bush, and the nascent “principled engagement” of barack obama.
the japanese model quickly lost its luster in the 1990’s.
soon, he would go even lower.
“israel is not european jewry,” barak said at the time.
financial deregulation made london a global financial center.
some positive steps have been taken.
in fact, this caution is not entirely unfounded.
but before we despair, there is work to be done.
these are unlikely to remain isolated examples.
the alternative view suggests different remedies.
it exists only in brains.
she focused taxation on imports and nonessential goods, like whiskey.
indeed, the government’s harsh rhetoric has given it little leeway.
but improved levees and maintenance could have.
responsibility for this disaster reaches far and wide.
in canada, communities can embrace new arrivals through private sponsorships.
structural reform increases productivity in practice through two complementary channels.
that this can happen in a european democracy is shocking.
getting there will take time.
public consumption is just as progressive as transfer payments.
it’s not even past.” – could not be more apt.
this disparity underscores the development challenges that africans face.
german exporters remain highly innovative and competitive.
interpol has the tools to strengthen its notification systems.
“possibilism” is not the same as complacency.
since then, yemeni labor has been banned from saudi arabia.
obama’s address in hiroshima carried huge symbolic significance.
we live in a data-driven world.
the notes could even show the same pictures of bridges.
consider old-age care, the fastest-growing employment sector in europe.
this is obviously not acceptable to china.
the economy is the realm of things that have value.
empires come and go, as do their traditions.
protecting human rights has always been an uphill struggle.
all look forward to a robust negotiation with the chinese.
he deserves respect and recognition.
-0.1
how did president george w.
the paris agreement itself offers one possible approach.
it is difficult to reconstruct past events.
but it will not destroy europe.
this year, the un peacekeeping budget will total $8 billion.
there’s inexpensive, high-calorie food piled all over the place.
but it gets worse.
then the financial crisis erupted, scaring the entire world.
this can happen in a number of ways.
and this behavior is set to continue, if not escalate.
that moment has arrived.
in stranger in a strange land, dr.
greece’s high defense spending has contributed to its economic woes.
the first is brexit.
trump views herself as a great dealmaker.
unfortunately, those people happen to be most people.
• ban the detention of young migrants.
the eu’s institutional impotence is apparent, especially to its enemies.
she is surrounded by academics.
in most cases, however, such an assumption would be wrong.
in the last four years, growth has averaged 3.4%.
climate is not breaking down.
that makes sense.
so does poor music education in state schools.
how can child-care providers be trusted?
japan faces a different conundrum.
it is an impressive piece of work.
new brands can assert themselves by acquiring symbolic capital.
no un-sponsored refugee agency was established to help the refugees.
fortunately, not all potential conflicts erupted.
so why are savings different?
politically, though, eea membership would be a raw deal.
that was the republicans’ calculation in 2011-2012.
domestic capital markets were non-existent.
putting a price on carbon is critical.
unfortunately, the facts say otherwise.
so they feel utterly disconnected from the process of transformation.
roosevelt struggled in order to successfully resist hitler’s third reich.
iliescu’s national salvation front?
immigration will probably be an even touchier subject.
plenty can go wrong in the period ahead.
first, inconsistency is no vice.
she is right.
the eu is nothing without germany.
this raises two questions.
we scratch our heads about america’s gun laws.
that was that.
the eu budget is unlike any other.
no doubt it does.
this opens the way to more and deeper reforms.
it wouldn’t be the first time.
publication is a moral imperative.
experience more consistent and integrated.
finally, algorithmic trading played a role.
the next report is due to be released in 2010.
“utility” is to economics what “phlogiston” once was to chemistry.
serbia is a test case for all of these issues.
yet serious problems remain.
signs of the region’s social and economic prosperity are everywhere.
but here things turn interesting.
this is particularly true for merkel’s electorate.
trump’s opponents must not be intimidated.
there are two core problems.
that dynamic is still at work.
when the army enters a village, chaos erupts.
how safe are your dollars?
there are many ways to measure inequality.
as your alertness declines further, your mind starts to wander.
how can liberal democracies remain globally competitive?
all of these factors played a part.
yet the alternative to global integration holds little attraction.
but he soon fell out of tudjman's favor.
unfortunately, he did not favor this suggestion.
first, wages will be spent partly on imported goods.
moreover, negotiators will not get another chance.
these problems all require different methods for unlocking growth.
i used to be a technology optimist.
economic writing, however, conveyed a completely different world.
yet deficit targets continue to be missed.
but so far is not far enough.
he has cut short-term interest rates to the bone.
for more information about the event, go here.
ideas about civilizing ``self-defense'' ended.
but fukuda’s response was not entirely a matter of choice.
other panelists agreed.
there is little agreement about who lit the fuse.
under communism, soviet citizens were locked in.
the policy is to remove qaddafi from power.
they floated stories that aristide was mentally deranged.
ideally, drugs should have a favorable risk-benefit ratio.
the cult will most probably soften with time.
sanctions are also unlikely to secure wide acclamation.
india is not blameless here.
so, what should this brief palin bubble teach us?
it is a simple, if under-acknowledged fact.
their conclusions are fascinating.
democracy is alive and well in the developing world, too.
not so for the person with mental illness.
refiners and petrochemical companies are flocking to the us.
in order to dominate decision-making, khamenei prefers weak presidents.
which is it?
the eventual costs of any of these actions are severe.
the rise of non-state actors also must be managed.
overall, the treaty has been a success.
we live in a different world.
trump will leave the scene soon enough.
the market would sort everything out on its own.
this makes a solution more difficult to achieve.
most french politicians and bureaucrats call such notions scaremongering.
the first priority should be on outcomes.
his vulgar comments are not particularly frightful.
you couldn’t turn around without knocking into harry.
if only it were that simple.
but the private sector cannot realize this potential alone.
mountains remain to be climbed.
the consequences of this choice are clear.
chirac was right.
north korea’s next mini-harvest is not due until late june.
in fact, many new opportunities are already opening up.
at first, saudi arabia took aim at the shale industry.
so far, there has been more talk than action.
in recent months, it has seized multiple foreign oil tankers.
a high impact factor instantly boosts a journal’s prestige.
but burdensome regulations are the biggest barrier.
globalization is on its way out.
second, countries must move together.
but much more must be done.
napoleon was crowned empress in notre dame in december 1804.
the issue must be addressed, not ignored and criminalized.
unemployment is lower in germany, canada, and japan.
the hubby driven to depression by him husband's infidelity.
but the world’s pain has been these institutions’ gain.
this is a difficult task under the most favorable circumstances.
i talked about my work on asset-price stabilization.
then there is china.
this danger is not hypothetical.
throughout his business career, he has frequently invoked libel laws.
the question at hand could not have been more important.
power by itself has no principles.
yet serious challenges are now emerging.
people feel richer and save less.
but it was a perverse, extreme, sectarian version of islam.
but policymakers drew the wrong conclusions, primarily for two reasons.
time is not on yanukovych’s side.
but there is a sting in the tail.
so why are we asians abandoning it?
the spaniards are right.
inflation follows, so policy is tightened and growth slows.
yet europe is not just a market.
but these, too, are instructive when it comes to syria.
as such, climate policy is also security policy.
in fact, prokhorov has much to offer his country.
cambridge: times are tough for the world's poorest countries.
ambassadors have been recalled.
indicators of individual welfare show similar improvements.
but many also remain skeptical.
in either case, however, the democratic movement would not die.
in the 1969 case of brandenburg v.
when these countries get into trouble, their authorities intervene forcefully.
a waiter standing beside me was nearly in tears.
the reality of the 1976 bailout is even more complicated.
the counter-argument is that increased competition is a global phenomenon.
austerity has failed.
yanukovych knows this.
these new japanese will lose none of their good qualities.
manufacturing firms and homebuilders are benefiting from increasing activity.
china’s appeal is growing in the western world as well.
it isn’t enough to disparage the other’s values.
it should start by looking in the mirror.
but twin peaks itself was further subdivided.
how does this benefit india?
the real us will return.
at well over $100 billion, the official number is low.
repositioning does not usually happen smoothly.
call this “development economics 2.0.”
the rest is history.
around one in five pregnant women were malnourished.
“you should win," she once said.
their political world wasn’t big enough for both.
harvard’s lawrence h.
so, poland and sweden: europe needs your leadership.
an end to australia’s democratic pantomime?
but 2012 was particularly eventful.
all these factors will push inflation above the 2007 level.
hamas’s political moment has come.
she also points the finger at china.
foreign investors flee.
we are seeing such rapid changes throughout africa.
the interesting question concerns the consequences of this.
structural changes in our armed forces must be completed.
for a brief moment, jubilant koreans forgot their divisions.
what will the president decide?
indeed, one hopes that others will follow his example.
the authority of the united nations has frayed.
i disagree with the premises of the question.
should scotland leave the pound zone?
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
moreover, technology transfer is not free.
for, in this crucial case, actions need to follow words.
how will they support their families?
europe could get back on its feet.
they have gotten rich in the process.
it did it in a very mild format.
it is an argument about the future.
his government has done so at least three times.
but the eu's institutions need to be modernized.
the long-term benefits would more than offset the short-term costs.
but it was bleakly horrific.
the first of the marchers had reached the square.
such catastrophes have become depressingly familiar.
how reforms are sequenced also matters.
indeed, populism moves in cycles.
there are of course other definitions of full employment.
but isn’t it time we do more with more?
they are susceptible to persuasion, experience, and changing circumstances.
thus begins the battle for prospective jurors’ hearts and minds.
asia continues to grow.
rights for robots?
for asean, the episode was a lesson in assertiveness.
if we did not die, everything would lose meaning.
needless to say, reality soon caught up with the authorities.
finally, the euro could fall sharply in value.
a more robust global financial system is urgently needed.
yarmouk is not an isolated case.
some will not.
the low-hanging fruit in manufacturing has already been picked.
but my story was not over.
as the new book no growth without equity?
one should not attribute this gut feeling to financial illiteracy.
where are the alternatives?
she must tackle the structural decay fostered under zuma.
demand for technology is also important.
the third essential factor is a clear timetable.
it is time for diplomats to do the same.
their debt would suddenly become sustainable.
but sharon was the messenger, not the message.
africa needed capital, but lacked savings.
but such changes must be specific.
synthetic biology is high-tech, and it is also potentially high-risk.
the tears looked real enough.
israel will avoid at all costs a large ground incursion.
but what have voters concluded?
one imagines this compelling theme will return soon enough.
good government is not a competition.
repos are financing transactions.
today’s poles do not believe that europe has cheated them.
the government is unstable, ineffective, and plagued by debt.
charles de gaulle has governed france for 10 years.
historically, liberalism preceded democracy in europe.
so what comes next?
europe is running out of time.
but that is hardly something to write home about.
first, for sovereign states long-term borrowing costs are exceptionally low.
“when you investigate historical facts, you should respect the truth.
clearly, parliamentary brawls are not a desirable modus operandi.
the answer, in principle, is yes.
the historical record is not encouraging.
but the scale of excess is nonetheless staggering.
israel’s internal challenges are no less demanding.
let us examine the pain.
this year’s forum focused on the changing nature of work.
the first, inevitably, is money.
pragmatism or perdition
but crudeness can have consequences.
was she a democrat or a despot?
china needs new solutions.
that much the bear knows well.
no, or at least not quite.
justice demands that this change.
by comparison, neighboring malaysia had a gini coefficient of 0.50.
china has not achieved quality growth yet.
the shopkeeper replies, “thank god we don’t have that problem.
will it be different this time?
because of the mess mr.
but there are areas in which there is no evidence.
it made her rich.
this has already taken its toll on musharraf.
will sudan break through to democracy?
brussels – it is an old and never-ending contest.
it is a battle that europe cannot afford to lose.
in germany, too, net exports increased.
auditors desire to maintain their reputation.
in the end, our hopes were frustrated.
i can’t let these assholes squeeze people any more.
but time has been lost.
how will older societies manage new technology and remain dynamic?
are the critics right?
one can accept that there are costs to awf.
rebuilding venezuela will be a long process.
yet to iranians, he was a more complicated figure.
confronted with an awkward problem, she responded with reason.
but i want to make sure the science is right.
the lowest rates were seen on june 13 th .
the economy turned around on a dime.
the pursuit of profit itself is a socially beneficial goal.
the sense of panic has subsided.
but this also has a potentially dangerous drawback, too.
to be sure, recent developments are encouraging.
the burden of disease ruins lives and entire communities.
yet the palestinian resistance has responded with more rocket attacks.
india’s nationalism is not based on ethnicity, either.
this is where israel's wall of separation comes in.
the eu’s behavior demands explanation.
is fiscal stimulus pointless?
consider the two earlier security council resolutions.
one way to do this is through social ventures.
and that is precisely what many city administrators are demonstrating.
as a result, budget cuts would be strongly contractionary.
another great weakness is demography.
the more respectable brexiteers talk more about sovereignty than immigration.
for centuries, japanese minds, and japanese borders, were distinctly closed.
this dominance was established over the the last 16 years.
such conflicts are spurring the militarization of sunni states.
governments should borrow to invest in research, education, and infrastructure.
they are not alone.
bo behaved more like an american politician.
surprisingly, wage competitiveness is a problem.
greece fits that bill.
whether it will ripple throughout the region is another question.
so the crisis of the sovereigns engulfs the banks.
none of this information is new.
all of this is encouraging.
this is what is being attempted at the moment.
it will also revise the supplementary budget as well.
i understand their position.
in practice, blockchain is nothing more than a glorified spreadsheet.
but that is not the whole story.
investment protection would limit this kind of abuse.
indeed, china has a rare problem: excessive savings.
but that is all it is.
the us will not make that mistake with iran.
my interest in this subject stems partly from personal experience.
europeans, too, have special responsibilities.
nothing could be further from the truth.
the federal tax system is certainly in need of reform.
but it will be no panacea.
since then, their membership has multiplied.
after all, the problems that beset mr.
schroeder, or mr.
but these attitudes are beginning to change.
a crisis is a terrible thing to waste.
in fact, the kremlin is financing many of these parties.
let’s not sir this opportunity.
nor was biochemistry to blame for michael jackson’s death.
at mid-century, john f.
china faces its own environmental dangers, for example, water stress.
only britain and denmark have been allowed to opt out.
persistently high unemployment signals inefficiency in mobilizing human resources.
indeed, it has already failed in ireland, latvia, and greece.
austerity’s leading champion is, no surprise, germany.
but now, the ecological battle has almost already been lost.
labor’s share of gdp remained constant throughout the industrial age.
access to education has been significantly broadened.
it is easier to say what not to do.
obviously, the aiib runs this risk.
here is the paradox.
sure, it’s a humanitarian catastrophe.
but an important disadvantage of derivatives is their short maturity.
they can manage the clearing.
consider colombia, chile, and peru.
much of europe is on the same demographic trajectory.
but it usually does far more harm than good.
supporters of juncker’s investment plan point to franklin d.
roosevelt’s new deal in the united states in the 1930s.
downturns, of course, can never be fully prevented.
new york – the euro suffers from structural deficiencies.
the ecb bears considerable responsibility for this situation.
the response was quick and vicious.
the middle class is also a big beneficiary.
if your neighbor becomes richer, you feel poorer.
evidently, china’s population has more than responded to such admonitions.
so will today’s relative market calm continue?
much the same happened when palme visited cuba.
that situation needs to be reversed.
no tyrant has risen in australia since howard’s gun-control reforms.
whom does it represent?
a stronger, wider eu must be our priority.
previously, you could take out $1,500 without a customs declaration.
but this thinking is based on a fallacy.
but peace and development are inextricably linked.
there are clear steps that can be taken.
“i rescued sergei” – nanny answered.
so she is cagey about plans to confront the oligarchs.
trump seems unlikely to recognize this and change course.
india will continue to balance delicately on its tibetan tightrope.
after yugoslavia, there was an unprovoked attack on iraq.
will america win or lose from brexit?
will there be enough jobs for workers to do?
this is the psychological basis of putin's popularity.
they merely made it a bad explanation.
usually, that works.
he will consistently portray himself as besieged by self-serving enemies.
helicopters skittered on the embassy's rooftop.
this erodes the flexibility and ultimate effectiveness of fiscal responses.
but trump’s rise was not just about the economy.
so, too, does private sector involvement.
the marketing department.
is it an all-you-can-eat buffet?
yet this impacted the brexit decision.
some breast implant materials were originally used in mattress stuffing.
that anger found a home on social media.
karachi, a multi-ethnic metropolis, could erupt into full-scale chaos.
where the new balance will be struck is anybody’s guess.
but they are the same girls.
yemen and chad are likely to be next.
the time has come to bury it.
in this effort, he has one key advantage: mao’s legacy.
but we do not really have a land shortage.
this trade-off is exemplified by widening fiscal deficits.
these are not pie-in-the-sky figures.
and we must also thank f.
so american efforts to bring about a cease-fire were stillborn.
who can influence the ecb?
so it is time for bold, innovative action.
those who can export capital will do so.
no stoning of us embassies; no mass internet hysteria.
h: so how was cypru s?
i'd ask mr.
we are making no promises”.
this has hurt turkey's progress.
it is cheap because it is plentiful.
many americans now have too much debt.
but can the uk’s allies take may seriously?
this is nonsense.
macarthur’s rhetoric is stirring; some would say overblown.
we find ourselves in a similar position today.
that struggle will be won some day.
this time, they are right.
his land costs are low.
until 2018, malaysia was in the competitive authoritarian category.
this is no longer the case.
so how do we move onto the low-carbon path?
calley always claimed that he was following orders.
but they also are in real doubt.
but aid agencies need access.
of course, modern technology alone cannot bring about a revolution.
economics, unlike the natural sciences, rarely yields cut-and-dried results.
and the transformations still took up to 20 years.
this year was no different.
you go back a long way.
the government also plans tax relief for low-income taxpayers.
one administered by the un or eu.
solving the malnutrition challenge would be a good start.
it has done enough damage.
in today’s iraq, there is no peace and no prosperity.
most cities have grown through evolution, from unpremeditated beginnings.
governments could also relax regulations for small remittance transactions.
extreme poverty is a major cause, and predictor, of violence.
whither north korea?
but is the causality?
bush won the 2000 election, despite losing the popular vote.
above all, referees must be accountable for their decisions.
iran’s situation is different.
can france and germany come together?
but that response must include dialogue and diplomacy.
which way would the supreme court decide?
“there is no jewish perspective,” he answered.
an example of recent progress illustrates what i mean.
fortunately, none of my immediate family perished in the holocaust.
a number of universities are moving in this direction.
the pis has not provided one.
and, after orbán, we must turn our attention to kaczyński.
adjacency is no longer a requirement.
but for what purpose?
but these are desperate times.
is it sustainable?
they must “race with the machines” forever and ever.
dakar –january 24 is the first international day of education.
this would have happened even without gorbachev.
this intuition is confirmed by empirical research.
on the fiscal front, the figures are doubly deceiving.
inevitably, this had deleterious consequences on its practical behavior.
the heavily indebted countries need relief on their financing costs.
today, that bargain has lost most of its original justification.
in open-list systems, a 50% quota should be adopted.
our neighborhood policy needs support, not criticism.
what went wrong?
japanese leaders also need to act with sensitivity.
what do they suggest?
to change all this, spending on education must change.
but how robust are these calculations?
moreover, discrimination in india often begins in the family.
saddam hussein's removal was intended as only the first step.
the issue could not be more urgent.
on the contrary, russia’s key economic institutions boast competent managers.
this might appear surprising.
everyone will have to pull their weight.
but what does this all mean?
indeed, this was the nineteenth-century pattern.
big speculative bubbles are rare events.
soft power begins with economic power.
and learning does not stop in school.
olmert,
payment habits melt at a glacier’s pace.
the boundary is freedom in security.
the challenge is obvious.
or it can work harder to turn balancers into joiners.
and yet greece has much work to do.
the answer is simple: resilience.
the last two years fit this pattern.
they may become malicious and aggressive in iraq and afghanistan.
bush does not intend to break hers campaign promises.
what goes for wages also goes for other distribution costs.
but she made clear where she, germany, and europe stood.
and while then-us president george w.
this comparison is unfair to suicides.
vázquez’s term ends in march 2010.
what are those values?
six more followed, making her the greatest cyclist in history.
there wasn’t much more to take from them.
for better or worse, that simply is not true.
but this is easier said than done.
poor governance is no excuse.
the crucial distinction is private property.
and yet they cannot capture the magnitude of children’s suffering.
but this is not the main point.
first, we tend to think of taxation as a panacea.
opponents of industrial policy rely on two arguments.
this system is known as a “currency board” arrangement.
second, product diversification must start now.
sovereignty does not negate interdependence.
are there genes for alcoholism?
that question is far trickier than it appears.
currently, the queen appoints its members.
long-neglected investments in surgical capacity would yield high returns.
europe under siege?
indeed, today the kgb/fsb is russia’s primary business school.
of course, that is necessary.
the uk vote has thrown europe into turmoil.
yasir arafat may be dead, but his machiavellian strategies linger.
even the us recovery seems tepid.
but they cannot destroy an open society.
but the good times may be ending.
europe is now poised for similar reconciliations elsewhere.
the third point is perhaps the most intriguing.
cultural differences persist.
the hardliners’ achilles heel is ahmedinejad’s mismanagement of the economy.
again, simplicity rules.
with this, the fantasy may have jumped the shark.
they understand that their countries’ fiscal positions are unsustainable.
everything we do today, we could do tomorrow.
this is not a stable situation.
the truth is different.
moreover, near-full employment might effectively be guaranteed.
again, the empirical evidence does not support this extravagant claim.
this approach only accelerates the presidency’s erosion.
i already wonder what their excuses will be.
the global market does not impose westernization.
can’t get to a doctor?
otherwise, the pain would be mutual.
interest rates in many countries are already near zero.
the cia’s role has never been explained or justified.
macron envisions a more integrated europe based on subsidiarity.
they remained government owned and operated.
and this affects human health in troubling ways.
cities too are embracing digitization.
but why should the inflation rate always be 2%?
but this axiom no longer holds.
but china is likely to be the chief beneficiary.
camdessus has lost hers legitimacy, and she must go.
the potential adverse consequences of government procurement are well known.
better red than dead?
could it use vietnam’s experience as a model?
moreover, the parallels with trump extend beyond hostility to immigration.
one is personal; the other is political.
new york – ours is a world of impunity.
greece is already close to these levels.
yet wwi proved clausewitz tragically wrong for modern times.
why are we afraid of nuclear power?
but the capacity in short supply is trained people.
we already have charts that can guide us toward safety.
in short, the four uns have now become three.
he is the standard bearer for democracy.
a deeper shared purpose is needed.
cholera, an ancient disease, has become a disease of poverty.
their character traits are similar to those of sociopaths.
she has sapped most power from other state institutions.
and, like trump’s presidency more generally, paradoxes abound.
the classical sanskrit writer vagbhata described 75 oral diseases.
chávez at bay.
several questions must find answers before nato’s enlargement should proceed.
could the opposite happen?
bofa owes $100 million to each.
that is a trend, not (yet) a fact.
as a result, support for putin is likely to wane.
all of this is relevant to today's crisis.
she was not alone in this rhetoric.
india has watched with concern as this process has unfolded.
no european country is powerful enough.
karl marx certainly was not one.
this is yet another minefield.
what monetary policy can do is create asset-price bubbles.
so an inclusive government is still in the offing.
but this is also what gives it its global edge.
until now it has not.
and here, unfortunately, economists do not agree.
if so, the long-term strategic costs could be enormous.
to be sure, these were primarily long-run predictions.
this brings me to a second point.
that does not make sense.
but they need not be.
likewise, buying a home is a distant dream.
urbanization has given rise to a dynamic informal sector.
the early signs are heartening.
doing so is not anti-investment; it is pro-development.
the politics of greed and grievance replace more far-sighted policymaking.
one issue is that europe and japan trip up.
for them, america and the west remain the ultimate enemy.
such infighting has raised concerns far beyond europe.
but those fears proved groundless.
hers battles were in a decidedly popular art.
more likely, it is simply not true.
but the next ten years should bring even faster progress.
they deserve it.
mbs has created a bad situation.
they then acquire assets worldwide, in other currencies.
the only way to meet it will be through aquaculture.
we need to know.
for the next half-century, schools were neglected and underfunded.
there are reports of violence in cities across pakistan.
human and organizational failings are not unique to japan.
what should we make of this?
at a deeper level, these events are closely related.
that requires a faster-growing economy.
without question, these improvements have raised the country’s potential income.
that prospect should trouble all syrians.
on the contrary, the situation is worsening.
economic miracles rarely occur, and for good reason.
former enron chief executive jeffrey k.
we are finding it increasingly difficult to keep unemployment down.
some commercial-banking activities are closer to securities trading.
a third initiative concerns renewable-energy development.
what boosts gender equality in developing countries?
the thrill, however, was lost on main street.
opponents of mrs.
cambridge – is it culture or economics?
what’s driving iran’s protests?
but might wholly transparent government imply a wholly transparent citizen?
the older thinkers also distinguished between means and ends.
but she didn’t have to be.
limited arms reductions might be useful for improving relations.
governments regard domestic banks as important buyers of sovereign debt.
italy, poland, and hungary are openly skeptical of europe.
there is no education.
for ambitious young africans, there are many obstacles to success.
but this bias against educating girls starts even earlier.
it is true that leaders have always advocated restraint.
many of putin's social policies are also quite sensible.
dissatisfied by their performance, politicians are seeking to reassert control.
western governments can help with common-sense reforms.
this raises considerable concerns about the governing council’s decision-making process.
but equal access is probably an unlikely ideal.
does it allow for an orderly transition?
some 3,000 died from drowning, hunger, exposure, or asphyxiation.
full convertibility on the current account followed in august 1994.
braving arrest with hollywood stars is a diversion.
the hera machine operated from 1992 until 2007.
one is globalization.
of course, assassinations are nothing new in serbia.
the goal is straightforward: to protect and preserve the past.
europe’s security, interests, and values depend on it.
before 2007, banks enjoyed high returns and soaring stock prices.
the biggest practical constraint they face is their public budgets.
the quest for global governance is a fool’s errand.
financial stars behind bars?
the other is labor mobility.
we grew up with them; they are part of us.
still, our democracy is alive; it lives on.
it involves increasing the value-added tax while cutting payroll taxes.
in response, china’s government acted almost instantly.
the same is true of high-quality public education.
he was appointed industry minister by the new, revolutionary government.
we have already made much progress.
the right technical, marketing, financial, and management capabilities are essential.
baker, thomas graham, and dimitri simes.
consider large western banks.
the reason is simple.
all wars end, eventually.
fiscal deficits therefore soared.
she is not alone in her concern.
nato is no longer only a military alliance.
the answer is: very poor.
consider a business plan or a foundation grant proposal.
this is not surprising.
are uber drivers uber employees?
indeed, structural changes are necessary to improve dynamic efficiency.
no such body of law exists at the international level.
that really special thing had three parts.
consider the “sledgehammer” case.
the ancient greeks understood this well.
but argentina’s short-term gain came at a steep price.
like marxists, neo-liberals are economic determinists.
in response, president lyndon b.
wherever she traveled, she spoke out for equal rights.
it would have revitalized europe’s economies, solving fiscal problems.
but it is nonetheless a little puzzling.
mystery soldiers can fight on both sides.
extreme heat also limits mosquito survival.
weak national unity has underpinned an even more damaging pattern.
indeed, it seems inaccurate.
moreover, schools included population-related issues in their curricula.
london – the united kingdom’s brexit psychodrama continues.
so the "clash of civilizations" is revealed as empty sloganeering.
the coming months will be crucial.
the truth is that we have been here before.
in this sense, the worst may be yet to come.
forests are a vital resource.
when arab governments clamped down, they exported violence westward.
china and india already are water-stressed economies.
but much more is at stake.
free-trade agreements do not ensure free trade.
there is no question about the necessity for the turnaround.
editor’s note: this post was amended on july 18.
moreover, britain’s political institutions might be unable to cope.
for now, such a perspective favors policy gradualism.
capitalism seemed to be dying.
millions of others, however, are ill-prepared for the new age.
the initial signs are nothing if not ominous.
as economics, this is lunacy.
the hard-to-do is preferable to the unacceptable and the unthinkable.
that backlash could come in a variety of forms.
the threat of death is a powerful weapon.
in this cat-and-mouse game, risk takers have the upper hand.
in fact, the opposite has happened.
it can compete on price or on quality.
everyone – even the us – would benefit from that.
it took military power to end that.
does public banking work?
but there are political reasons why they do not.
investing in these companies, it turns out, is extraordinarily risky.
we cannot succeed on our own; this much is certain.
china is not alone.
western democracies are unprepared to deal with this threat.
this left the german delegation headless.
some attribute the fall largely to declining global growth expectations.
korean rock singers are extremely popular in china.
re-localization will be seen everywhere, including lower-income countries.
here, the union is confronted with a dilemma.
its foreign trade and investment patterns are diversified and dynamic.
we are pursuing three intertwined ideas.
there are two ways of going about that.
as a professor, i feel it in my own classroom.
small does of rate cuts are best.
or compare brazil with other emerging markets.
so what, exactly, is in the finished tpp?
will such prosecutions actually deter hard-core racists?
spain’s endless cycle of indecisive elections continues.
more generally, the top 1% of the population prospered.
unemployment rises to record-high levels.
empires contained many nations, after all.
but the final war powers resolution rejected that approach.
only then will africa's tolerance for tyrants be ended.
first, there is no gain without pain.
africa will pay a heavy price.
she made asians look at america anew.
the chance that mrs.
this style of travel strains local infrastructure to capacity.
communication with china will be essential.
are we in a corporate-debt bubble?
she is perhaps the unsung heroine of the entire debacle.
we just need to let them.
official institutions could also be involved in a suitable way.
but le pen was not alone in promoting this vision.
instead of supporting us policy, tillerson belittled it.
at one level, these events are nationally-specific and coincidental.
but now this phase of american foreign policy is ending.
let us consider research first.
it has even worked on foreign politicians.
what went wrong?
india has put forward its own action plan.
nothing was sacred to clodius.
now, i am not so certain.
but this can only happen with considerable investment.
but a framework constructed to achieve what?
there are three possible explanations.
correa’s recent statements embody these contradictions.
americans, however, have generally been averse to class warfare.
best of all, when such emergencies abate, local capacity remains.
yet there are still considerable roadblocks to overcome.
such a scenario would, of course, spell disaster for afghanistan.
yet somalia still rarely gets into the headlines.
the media are now much freer.
with years of experience in foreign affairs, george h.
bush had excellent contextual intelligence.
the last days of netanyahu?
it remains unbroken to this day.
ten years later, it had installed thousands of centrifuges.
can apps prevent human trafficking?
unfortunately, they currently look in vain.
but conventions are also needed for existing national income accounting.
it is time to reverse this damaging trend.
this will increase profits.
but none will suffer more than the us itself.
prosperity is based on people and ideas.
it is certainly important to have men at the table.
and so forth.
such a clash must be prevented.
the squeeze on maize supplies for food will only intensify.
but it is time to rethink this approach.
the same problems occur in many other countries.
what indeed could change the tendencies of today's civilization?
both must change.
is he right?
as such, it cannot, by itself, transform the indian economy.
but insurance technology is improving, aided by improved information technology.
eea membership confers not only rights but also obligations.
fixing prices is a short dead-end street.
if you can't beat them, join them!
first, innovations can be developed and diffused faster than ever.
and japan has been on the ropes for a quarter-century.
if deng xiaoping were alive, she would be deeply concerned.
this may be particularly distressing to america’s asian allies.
vaccines, fortunately, are becoming increasingly available.
marx and mao are probably spinning in their graves.
society, margaret thatcher once famously declared, doesn’t exist.
juncker, like cameron, should accept responsibility and resign.
liberal democracy is humankind’s greatest political achievement.
managing a construction project is rarely simple.
will these processes decontaminate affected areas, or re-contaminate cleaned areas?
for many, that bias feels disempowering.
farmers’ self-isolation led to a 30% drop in agricultural output.
venezuelans have actively pursued a change of government.
fifth, nato enlargement and partnership.
but the swing is excessive.
the second idea is fiscal realism.
as a result, china must perform a difficult balancing act.
first, the eurozone economy is extremely interconnected.
one hopes that he is right.
monetary policy is perhaps the clearest instance of this.
finland had a wealth tax but dropped it.
that is how societies work.
the list goes on.
but with increased power comes increased responsibility.
a successful cologne initiative would build on the following concepts.
egyptians rarely hear about their country’s dire financial straits.
so the universal income benefit is definitely a non-starter.
perhaps these types of preventive actions should be obama’s priority.
the graph reveals further interesting insights.
it was trump himself.
it starts with completing the banking union.
developments in egypt will have uneven consequences in the region.
this time needs to be different.
florence – severe banking crises bring painful and long-lasting disruptions.
but there are other challenges as well.
they are right - and that's the problem.
but then geithner takes a leap.
this state does not exist.
opponents, too, find themselves under threat.
my generation has conveniently consigned such fears to history.
they will set off further falls in commodity prices.
again, the implications for instex are clear.
but without us support, trudeau’s pressure lacked credible measures.
mccain has given no details of his plans.
moreover, a "balance of imbalance" promoted a sense of equality.
this may no longer be the case.
perhaps the most visible gains were on the external front.
the answer depends on why non-residents hold these deposits.
a shocked murmur went round the audience with these words.
but security challenges can be costly.
freedom of the seas.
but the reality is more nuanced.
students must take ownership of their education.
the institutional structure must be efficient, democratic, and transparent.
this may strike some as an abdication to impunity.
everyone was shocked.
this will take some time to implement.
as a result, myths and misconceptions remain widespread.
the problem, from the start, was the third arrow.
but the status quo is unacceptable.
trump seems to be doing just the opposite.
so who are these polluters?
“dearness” of goods is a sign of technological stagnation.
in this context, increased investment would only exacerbate the problem.
for too long, governments have neglected this divide.
but he left much unsaid.
no one should be surprised about this.
or perhaps putin is just a bit cannier.
a few months after hers appointment as premier, mrs.
just one condition must be met.
such exaggerations do plenty of harm.
and even if they could, they might choose not to.
moscow: russia's politics are not those of the steppe.
consider the united states’ trade deficit.
but the same is true of sweden’s, poland’s, or austria’s.
that isn’t happening, because the problem is growth.
such were the errors committed over short time horizons.
yet this policy has failed.
the crisis of 2008 cannot soon be repeated.
indeed, the authorities' response was not limited to monetary stimulus.
is there moral progress?
their goal is to contain china’s technological rise.
consider some examples.
in the eurozone, growth in the latest quarter was underwhelming.
are bankers really overpaid?
india is more problematic.
even if they did, the ceo wouldn’t take their advice.
this is no easy choice.
the nominal reason is hamas’s refusal to recognize israel.
so what accounts for the sluggish economic recovery?
the connection hit me almost immediately.
can governments be trusted to follow through on their commitments?
economists sometimes portray the global economy as a huge bazaar.
for the overwhelming majority of russians, putin’s authority was indisputable.
there have been no mass purges and few large rallies.
we have been here before, though.
the longer we wait, the worse our problems will become.
diplomacy was based on an intricate choreography.
can become that place.
the constitution for europe now being written is no different.
the long short run
there are three further problems.
yet the window of opportunity closes quickly.
african girls are also disproportionately vulnerable to contracting hiv.
pragmatic governments surely ought to legalize and regulate migration instead.
the cap must be born again.
new smartphone apps help them to do their job.
if we are open to them, such epiphanies are present.
but it is not the right one.
the us is not alone.
deregulation is the second force of competition.
girls’ paths are no easier when they grow up.
thus the new right governments bear enormous responsibility.
being too big to fail simply means being too big.
even in the eurozone, there is some movement.
there is some evidence that social unrest follows from inequality.
asia’s giants colliding at sea?
we cannot sleepwalk through a diminished europe.
or she may overshoot.
that is still true.
groupthink is a distinct possibility.
that prediction was wrong.
of course, this decline must not be overestimated.
is this logic at work in argentina?
that has kept the euro strong.
instead, morsi’s speech provided the occasion’s most memorable moment.
but the opposite is true.
inflation is another concern.
others say they feel degraded and ashamed.
in january 2004, vichea was shot dead in broad daylight.
why is globalization so at risk?
some early steps in the right direction are visible.
man does not, after all, live by bread alone.
if companies like yahoo!
concerns over currency wars have waned.
some preach that muslims are destroying western civilization.
consider the example of us imports from china.
in today’s east asia, too, the market is fostering integration.
markets work by a process of continuous discovery of information.
a plethora of anniversaries is arriving in russia.
i hated these women for what they had done.
the world should beware.
the tasmanians did not choose their isolation.
nor were they overly fastidious about clandestine commercial ties.
hollande is determined to change course.
it does not recognize the need for a world order.
but association with a suddenly tarnished industry cannot have helped.
trump’s victory is far from inconsequential.
europe’s solidarity imperative
but it gets worse.
but structural reforms cannot be accomplished overnight.
four main issues worry critics.
this has spurred efforts to tighten regulations.
the ozone layer is showing signs of recovery.
it merely documents recurrent patterns.
the first is policy pragmatism.
first, she promised bipartisanship, but got heavily rebuffed.
the same is true elsewhere.
but there are also disadvantages to the rule of thumb.
but, to some extent, high-quality, responsible journalism can.
peril or promise in north korea?
to do so requires labor market deregulation and tax reform.
an election now in venezuela will save, not undermine, democracy.
the more people that follow mr.
the list does not stop there.
to be sure, diplomacy will be needed in this fight.
caveat emptor: пусть покупатель будет бдителен .
doing so will require direct, sustained interactions among all stakeholders.
europeans can and must deal with this crisis themselves.
undernourished children are more susceptible to illness.
what lies ahead in 2011?
fourth, germany has become the eurozone’s undisputed leader.
all of the above has implications for today’s challenges.
it is not just conflict that is on the rise.
however, two undesirable consequences could follow from the present situation.
putin’s model should have been peter the great.
the trump administration, no surprise, is following the losers’ path.
we must learn from history.
retail sales and new car registrations are up.
but there is plenty of incentive to make progress.
rather, politics itself has become operationally dysfunctional.
in short, it helps politicians to do their jobs better.
this outcome is hardly a foregone conclusion.
expect her to push on hopelessly.
but the other finance ministers did not echo geithner’s warnings.
clarity of analysis is what we now need the most.
the negotiations over those proposals are expected to be fierce.
the list goes on.
we probably will never know.
are the doctors right?
so his fortune began in real estate development.
but modi has been too bold.
but most economists are reluctant to contemplate this option.
nor are they are diametrically opposed either.
is there anything to this argument?
the answer is probably impossible to determine.
everyone who looks in it sees himself.
unfortunately, what hasn’t changed will give it much to rue.
history could now repeat itself.
the reason is that most people are creatures of habit.
a journalist has recently been murdered.
but exaggerating the supposed shia threat has a price.
perhaps more unfortunately, none has been translated into arabic.
we need each other politically as well.
cic would have initially lost some money with lehman.
the school was never cordoned off.
the iconoclastic british historian a.
this is a serious problem that requires a serious response.
ours is a guilt culture; theirs a shame culture.
the result of this relative price shift is headline inflation.
for trump, all is not lost.
each should be tackled.
“make in india” must not become the unmaking of india.
and he launched his far-reaching anti-corruption campaign.
this is a key step toward making coal uninsurable.
yes, major multinationals can offer low prices.
coherent programs to promote economic catch-up are relatively straightforward.
humanity has accelerated, rather than controlled, human-induced climate change.
interpol also needs to reform the diffusion system.
the crowd cracked up.
the last failed promise by president george w.
now he must back up his words with action.
technological progress is a distinct, but highly uncertain, possibility.
toward z, i am indifferent, neither friend nor foe.
our second test is economic.
nationalism is not the answer.
of course, we all have our little indulgences.
the global financial crisis of 2008 bears this out.
the landscape has been permanently altered.
my friend didn’t.
most advanced economies around the globe are facing similar problems.
there is not much vision on the eu side, either.
the central state always has its own nation-building responsibilities.
a seamless transition appeared possible.
the country has been transformed profoundly in the recent decades.
entrepreneurship has to do with non-conformity, and chileans lack that.
why are gun-control laws so hard to pass?
and dams are just the beginning.
brussels – is it time for fiscal consolidation or stimulus?
everyone will have to make sacrifices.
the 2015 report was finalized in may 2015.
the eu is now largely frozen in its current shape.
a similar story applies in europe.
she is wrong.
investors’ collective psychology is notoriously fragile.
obama broadly follows ronald reagan’s (second-term) security policy, george h.w.
during the east asian crisis of 1997-1998, poverty rose sharply.
the emperor had no clothes.
many certainly did try to ignore it.
but the show of unity was short-lived.
so polish influence in union councils is at rock bottom.
negotiations therefore must begin on october 3.
this is not hers area of specialization.
such a solution must respect venezuela’s democracy and restore peace.
in these cynical times, that is encouraging.
they had good reasons to complain.
we have a global market economy that is not working.
these animals cannot hostess infectious prions.
since those goals were set, major progress has been made.
politicians will impugn central bankers’ impartiality.
the benefits of open trade, however, affect more than growth.
economic sanctions have become even more popular in recent decades.
what makes a great leader?
what’s ailing brazil?
but the aggregate numbers tell a worrying story.
what informs this eccentric perspective?
little of this is reassuring.
won’t all of this eventually take its toll?
“you abandoned your relatives?” my grandfather replied.
many are now suffering as a result.
with enlargement, those differences can no longer be hidden.
the stakes could hardly be greater.
populists are both unseemly and ascendant.
the convergence criterion on exchange rates is in similar disarray.
soon, rates exploded to about 1 per 100.
obviously, none of this will please thaksin’s opponents.
much the same is true for spain and portugal.
but this is a false comparison.
this is not a responsibility we can shirk.
meanwhile, the european union is struggling with its own demons.
china is right to have ignored america's demands.
london has a larger french population than many french cities.
among these, he places the biggest premium on international reserves.
the europeans, let alone the russians, may demure.
in its recent decision in hamdan v.
that should get a conversation going!
macroeconomic indicators in key countries improved throughout the year.
it also reflects a broader, raging battle for poland’s soul.
but words alone are not enough.
macron’s eurozone-reform plans will be the biggest bone of contention.
berlin -- does history repeat itself, after all?
tariffs, for example, are not cited.
but the junta engages in orwellian doublethink.
the essential issue lies elsewhere.
just how manageable would an import embargo be?
the fashionable hypothesis denies even the most obvious benefit.
as a result, america’s fed chairwoman today commands super-normal influence.
coming from syria, i experienced some of these potential benefits.
i doubt it.
chile’s economy does not need that.
interconnected computers provide rich hunting grounds for cybercriminals.
the exit process would generate prolonged uncertainty.
financialization continued apace and corporate governance worsened.
the exchange rate plays a double role.
what was surprising was the magnitude of the victory.
that is an incredible claim.
but nigeria is also one of africa’s most developed countries.
the “type” of crisis varies by time and place.
india’s trade-to-gdp ratio overtook china’s last year.
and customers adapt to a new way of operating.
the long rule of the concertación reflected its success.
perhaps the answer lies in human psychology.
monopoly’s new era
where will all this lead?
but what consequences?
they were convinced that it was a controlled experiment.
these factors have shut out grassroots inventors.
this appeared to contradict the principles of natural selection.
technology does not stand still, and nor should democracy.
in many countries the answer is obvious.
consider the development disparities in africa.
in fact, it is at the very root of liberalism.
japan and canada have said they plan to do so.
but most historians agree there was no such danger.
educators preparing students for this future must start now.
the israeli-palestinian conflict festers.
but are unions relevant anymore?
others said that the images were an insult to islam.
should it be determined by the parents' affluence?
the most likely future is thus one of drift.
but just two months earlier, in frankfurt, mrs.
reform is nonetheless clearly possible.
we therefore need money in the bank, and clear leadership.
but there were limits.
most debates addressed whether the war was justified.
under piñera’s government, pro-growth rhetoric was abundant.
this is not a frivolous exercise.
can america and china avoid a currency war?
high unemployment and pervasive corruption, however, create a combustible combination.
but this is unlikely to have the intended effect.
sometimes, old monuments return to their original spots.
the first trend affects the levant.
economic and financial nationalisms threaten.
it was a desperate choice.
domestic consumption is growing.
the question is whether political leaders are listening.
wilson, the first secretary at the us embassy in paris.
turn now to efficiency.
but one cannot be sure it will continue.
clowns mostly seek to provoke, and this can be healthy.
yet this is a misunderstanding.
but why should only germany have that responsibility?
a consistent narrative underpins this change in market conditions.
the same thing happened when i tried again in march.
and saudi arabia’s power is expansive.
but, apparently, that is precisely the point.
otherwise, mutualization of contingent liabilities could exacerbate the too-important-to-fail problem.
stanford – well, america is involved at last.
what are the legal difficulties?
this is a kind of arms race.
but a great deal depends how the american-european relationship evolves.
but sometimes sanctions do work.
the proportion is the same in france.
some fire problems do have technical fixes.
equity markets were subjected to disclosure and transparency requirements.
but such measures can be politically difficult to implement.
in america, columnists and editorialists questioned and doubted us policies.
but hopeless is as hopeless does.
most of those affected by recurring disasters survive.
i would say that this is worse than a crime.
accepting the results is a vital part of democracy.
in short, the bill is relatively meaningless.
sharia law is undoubtedly controversial.
inherently biased recruitment and hiring practices exacerbate this inequality further.
but too little emphasis was put on the political arguments.
so how do we get there?
but americans’ anxiety about being overtaken is not new.
nor should that surprise us.
understandably, many would choose to drill.
developing-country citizens have been expressing similar feelings for much longer.
the time to act is now.
and, again, lawmakers have not enacted an annual budget.
there are three main explanations for this.
“the world’s strongest economy” can do better.
lustration is new in poland.
after wwi, the pendulum swung back toward the state.
these countries are not much helped by globalization.
the first is privacy.
commercial whaling continued under the guise of science.
the us imports more than 90% of its seafood.
his commitment remains aspirational and lacks substance or operational content.
that process has already begun.
meanwhile, the european situation looks explosive.
but something went wrong.
this is particularly true in europe.
but the problem is worse than these numbers suggest.
drug lords rule by fear over entire communities.
first, the needs.
is there a better way?
and ice in the bering sea has reached record lows.
for example, when the c.
but the north-south divide is now obsolete.
most terrorism, ultimately, is oil-funded.
for citizens and leaders alike, tough times lie ahead.
a quick deal won’t be possible.
but ethicists would not be working alone.
most greek bondholders are foreign banks.
economists debate whether market economies are naturally stable.
the bjp has plunged india into a jobs crisis.
true, policy in some countries has improved markedly.
fiscal prudence is essential.
environmental hazards blow in on the wind.
the problem with trump begins with hers unfathomable vulgarity.
this is a big step in the right direction.
of course, russia is not alone.
that they will.
obasanjo is understandably anxious.
the debate is ongoing.
so who are its “members”?
and higher sea levels are just one potential threat.
chinese investors are worried about inflationary overheating.
not anymore: lenin’s characterization seems increasingly accurate.
president john f.
financial innovation has enlarged both temptations.
khrushchev was considering his own political fortunes as well.
syriza’s approach largely reflected the will of the people.
absent a foreign bailout, no other solution was on offer.
but revolutionary social movements cannot last, nor should they.
it is a black-and-white case.
young religious women are turning up at urban universities.
can hamas stay in power?
pinochet did not abdicate voluntarily.
game theory illustrates this moral hazard.
market participants could easily be forgiven for their early-year euphoria.
disillusion about future growth adds to the pressure.
is this the right proportion?
so what is needed is not negotiations, but political will.
obviously, india is not a failed state.
much depends on his adversary in the second round.
these links have often been obvious.
still, he could always change his mind.
and buying may get cheaper still!
the same is true of democracy.
is democracy itself at risk?
and that brings us to germany.
politics is thus constraining efforts to strengthen public finances.
there is clearly a trend.
currently, the king appoints its members.
even when trump does back down, his hatreds seethe.
instead, the war showed its limitations.
she died after less than a day in our care.
should higher nominal (that is, inflation-driven) growth replace debt-driven growth?
only 37.5% of those polled favor such action.
obama emphasized these themes for good reason.
paulson had gotten a blank cheque from congress once before.
sub-saharan africa’s public-debt burden has not yet hindered investment demand.
reform will not be easy.
a relevant litmus test is morocco.
so what went wrong?
in the end, is this really a question of lying?
in other words, they often are a stabilizing force.
the plastics crisis is much more than a waste-management problem.
foreign trade was a fertile area of corruption, too.
they seem to be structurally condemned to short-termism.
still, letting the status quo continue is equally problematic.
kenyans are skeptical.
moreover, sanders and francis are relative outsiders.
poverty did not vanish.
but was hers justification persuasive?
but should they?
i had no difficulty reassuring him.
these are not isolated cases.
its medicine did little to save the economy.
its nuclear program is strictly in civilian hands.
this is wrong on several counts.
crass ignorance cannot be underestimated in these circles.
yet 35 million people still live with the virus.
the syrian crisis has been raging since march 2011.
despite hers bellicose rhetoric, george w.
first, these women tend to be awash in debt.
even some in japan are becoming critical of koizumi.
but we also need other structural measures.
when president george w.
but politics, as always, intervenes.
but checks and balances can also impede crucial reforms.
all well and good.
as kent state’s mark k.
financial journalism was soothing.
the background to the evictions is not exactly straightforward.
but so what?
and so on.
one can hope that hers confidence is justified.
unfortunately, the precise opposite happened.
but it is no excuse to dismiss longer-term considerations.
undoubtedly these virtues are significant.
if so, it's a strange game with perverse effects.
will success spoil brazil?
eventually, the plan threw the country on its back.
fortunately, that approach is changing.
the line between military and party has always been blurry.
of course, that is not what the trump administration sees.
the refugee crisis has thrown this discord into sharp relief.
russia’s foreign friends
they are simply poor, hungry, and disease-ridden.
yet the authorities are persisting with the same policies.
palestinian refugee children are already deeply disadvantaged.
the end of nato?
lenin's corpse remains there, but hers departure is expected.
there are plenty of precedents for such a course.
but this policy is unsustainable.
it did not.
more such deals should follow.
the draft constitution would transform egypt into a parliamentary republic.
first, she discusses theories of rational action.
apple and google should not rest easy.
moreover, the two problems are hardly related.
this would be a classic pre-emptive strike.
but can india fulfill that agenda?
and france and germany differ on priorities.
second, china must find ways to advance renminbi internationalization.
many chagossians eventually moved away from the seychelles and mauritius.
the stalemate in crimea is likely to persist.
as a result, harmful mutations would quickly die out.
but the moment of reckoning could still come.
in other words, the target is cyclically adjusted.
many investors echo soros.
how will communications infrastructure be rebuilt?
these policies should be supplemented by productivity-enhancing reforms.
as a result, russia is perpetually unprepared for the future.
now everything looks different.
the cost in lives is already unbearably high.
during the presidential elections mr.
andrzej olechowski ran as an independent candidate.
once again, how votes translate into electoral decisions looms large.
social stability, similarly, depends on it.
karwah was a heroine who met a tragic end.
the eu might even temporarily pull together.
there was nothing behind her supporting the system.
markets have rallied since, but the continent remains crisis-ridden.
oxford – where does america put god?
an auspicious international context alone would not solve their problems.
its foreign-exchange reserves stopped declining in 2017.
but france is not a normal country.
in venezuela, bolivia, ecuador, and mexico, it exceeded 40%.
unfortunately, many will suffer needlessly in the interim.
there is no reason to be optimistic.
in many countries, these hopes are stimulating public policy.
bangladesh has been making immense strides.
but the risks are many.
but let us not even go there!
the first two sources of uncertainty have already affected markets.
rising productivity fails to translate into higher wages.
the answer is probably no.
can multilateralism adapt?
kennedy chose his formerly bitter opponent, lyndon b.
thankfully, his reign won't last forever.
and, of course, there have been demurrals and criticisms.
recipient governments are reportedly pleased with china’s aid approach.
and the authors do not even check whether they do.
how did this miracle come about?
that is $9,000 per minute, or $540,000 per hour.
the russians openly backed annan’s peace initiative.
he has said as much himself.
a drought in syria understandably makes news.
its forces remain generally united on economic and social issues.
they are cold war vestiges.
let us consider each.
there are two reasons why change has become urgent.
some developing countries in asia work differently.
the third disruption is demographic.
north korea already assists them with arms.
the endeavor was bound to be ambitious.
proclaiming fiscal virtue enabled them to practice fiscal vice.
the answer is that they may have done both.
the concept of reserves is technical and economic, not geological.
even so, lula insisted that he should change his attitude.
not at all.
“what do you mean by ‘good?’” he will ask.
c: go to hell!
the source of cameron’s fear?
so, what is going on?
that is not an idle threat.
is von der leyen the leader europe needs?
the broad shift to bond financing is a welcome development.
consider another example: military pay versus pay in civilian firms.
the palestinian tragedy is directly affected by this european affliction.
the first printed edition was made in 1508.
most important, the response is not voluntary.
each is likely to be tested.
recently published data also paint a favorable picture of employment.
evolutionary biologists have since taken the concept further.
not long after president george w.
yet big pharma was undeterred.
today, however, that growth has vanished.
it isn’t entirely clear why this is happening.
the more death, destruction, and despair, the better.
developing the appropriate economic-policy framework must follow.
the hard right goes soft
what to do?
in hers 2000 presidential bid, george w.
but it strikes me as a bit wasteful.
and the negative side of the ledger?
the us would then be subject to tighter policy discipline.
perhaps these words sound exaggerated to cynical ears.
the stakes in italy are high.
for that, the entire system needs an overhaul.
but the pessimists cannot be dismissed out of hand.
women scientists seem to behave far more collegially.
this shift is also evident in us policy toward china.
women are therefore deprived of their basic rights and freedoms.
but mexicans themselves are divided about what to do.
but much more needs to be done.
but german chancellor angela merkel has undergone a remarkable transformation.
the majority of israelis understand this.
empowering women and girls is morally right and economically smart.
but pleșea and sauquet remain the exception.
but those ordinary people will be overwhelmingly british.
despite this, i think that emu is good for europe.
but the continent still has a long way to go.
perhaps they do.
but the empirical evidence for this is inconclusive.
association agreements are a proven method of facilitating cross-border cooperation.
many investors echo soros.
this can and should change.
for example, in financially distressed spain, unemployment now exceeds 20%.
instead, they must improve the environment for growth.
so why has sanders been relatively silent on israel?
the intelligence concerning assad’s atrocities against his own is irrefutable.
the results have been devastating.
and it serves as an important democratic bulwark in asia.
but would good opportunities for state investment be similarly renewed?
macro-politics is structural, whereas micro-politics is daily.
politically, america is still the land of big oil.
the next century of progress depends on it.
it is almost farcical.
their hope is evolutionary, not revolutionary.
the answer is simple: it should muddle through.
moreover, china has become a major economic stakeholder in afghanistan.
promising avenues for international cooperation are now opening up.
it enjoys a significant amount of political independence.
by and large, conservative forces in iran support this approach.
parliament passed this strange law a year ago.
nor does greece’s default history inspire confidence.
another scottish referendum has become highly likely.
first and foremost, europe has not established a federal budget.
evidence of the fighting was everywhere to be seen.
when wars end, countries confront a multi-pronged transition.
we have seen enough.
this unanimity of opinion no longer exists.
the old soviet-style economies opened themselves to the world.
the new libya faces uncertain times.
time passed, generations changed.
these governments already spend tax money on direct foreign aid.
singapore, turkey, and moldova appear to be shirkers.
they also had something to do with government policymakers’ mistakes.
thinking through all the economic implications of brexit is complicated.
the volcker disinflation was thus an act of penance.
more than two-thirds of these companies are located in asia.
it has no legitimacy, and it is bound to fall.
can uribe survive hers current travails?
this could just be the beginning.
that’s not very many people.
what about rochester?
real debt defaults are historically rare.
in practice, this means two things.
this unity is not merely rhetorical.
structural reforms, together with increased investment, are also needed.
as a result, it was sidelined.
you cannot manipulate something unless there is something to manipulate.
but electing a clown is not the answer either.
only then will the smaller members feel adequately respected.
the most expensive programs aren’t necessarily the most successful.
a 50% reduction would save a staggering $7.5 trillion.
globalization does not alter this underlying reality.
the “ancestors” of ordinary cells, they can replenish themselves indefinitely.
kohl delivered just that.
parliament has defined high treason as a capital offense.
which is why she has done all right.
growth and jobs need to be promoted with equal zeal.
but french policy may be changing.
the puzzle of berlusconi’s survival reflects a wider european conundrum.
but there is another, perhaps more disturbing, explanation.
the battle for britain’s soul has only just begun.
china’s economy is growing at around 10% annually.
still, even if weakened, putin benefits from a changed economy.
what explains this contradictory behavior?
that is precisely what china sees in today’s middle east.
the problem is not a lack of investment capital.
parliaments cannot repeal laws of nature.
history may not repeat itself, but it does frequently rhyme.
historically, interest-rate hikes have had little effect.
they were right to do so.
reform is needed at home, in national capitals.
liberty today needs the same type of stalwart defense.
greece’s best bet is reform.
will it be enough?
nowhere is that more true than in latin america.
science makes visible that which would otherwise remain hidden.
it is also complicated.
when the sun sets in myanmar, fear rises.
* countries should limit short-term borrowing from international banks.
lucky little countries?
mortgages became more widely available.
in other words, tax-favored health-insurance policies should have high deductibles.
they have also cut off trade ties.
but punitive measures can easily lead to disputes and inefficiency.
is this all a bluff?
yet the japanese public is displaying remarkable apathy.
moscow – remember the year 2007?
in 2018, the world economy grew only by 3.6%.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
the iraq engagement proved to be built on deception.
the real battlefront is the arena of ideas.
two out of five workers show suicidal tendencies.
one crisis, one world
why is greece different?
frustrated climate advocates often put their faith in financial instruments.
the arab states are aware of this.
media indulge themselves in a fast-moving news cycle.
but the us should not succumb to this temptation.
but macron’s victory gives the eu only a momentary reprieve.
anti-american sentiments are rising around the world.
unfortunately, a policy framework built on this thinking remains elusive.
that would be a good thing in itself.
but it would work in some cities.
but reconstruction doesn’t happen overnight.
america-bashing is popular and easy.
after all, the internet’s key feature is its non-territorial architecture.
speculative bubbles are the visible manifestation of that temptation.
there are other e-mail sins.
most obviously, it repudiates international law.
soros: the answer is no.
such an international process simply cannot happen without china.
the global cooperation that has emerged lately is certainly welcome.
of the two approaches, germany’s is the more unusual bet.
in demotic europe, solidarity is impossible.
the answer is yes.
to be sure, wind and solar have increased dramatically.
but is legalization the right approach?
the regulators acquiesce because, simply put, they are afraid.
this is especially true for developing countries and emerging markets.
a transnational undertaking is the superior option.
in a sense, we are all japanese now.
similarly, energy companies want to extract more natural resources.
but president george w.
subsequent uses included computer_aided product design.
that is hardly an overreaction to a few rare cases.
freedom of religion or freedom of speech?
at that point, boom turns to bust.
america is clearly concerned.
the equity bull market is now six years old.
the press finds her evasive.
such political courage is not a thing of the past.
so let france and germany enjoy their celebration in versailles.
the challenges we face are now those of abundance.
but a one-size-fits-all response won’t work.
what if all wish to become nuclear weapons states?
the americans also appeared willing to walk away.
their reaction was certainly understandable.
in opposition, hamas adamantly refused to collect illegal weapons.
at this stage, monetary policy cannot do the job alone.
but that era is over.
still, the brics have work to do.
but converting forests to agriculture led to cities and civilization.
moreover, this approach could easily backfire.
uncollected garbage piles up in the streets.
but none of this is enough.
unfortunately, you cannot tell from the forecasts.
the outside world cannot stand idly by.
in recent years, some of these controls have been relaxed.
the disruptive effects of brexit can only exacerbate this problem.
that was then.
hu jintao's career does not inspire optimism.
are there really no limits?
even without deductions, civil society takes its own improving initiatives.
holmes accepted defeat with his customary grace.
he was not wrong.
all of these efforts are shaped by the efficiency-robustness tradeoff.
it did not have to be this way.
yes and no.
it is not.
nor are the chinese casual and infrequent internet users.
the rest of the world’s economies should do the same.
high production costs, particularly in energy, are one key obstacle.
market competition is not only compatible with a zero-carbon economy.
but can an emerging economy invest too much?
would it even be different?
they did not.
arab societies deserve better.
people took pictures of my presentation with their smartphones.
official diplomacy begins where the battlefield ends.
it was a step in the right direction.
the concreteness of the data scares them.
what makes a human?
so let’s look at his deeds.
maduro’s priorities are clear.
but the positive momentum for reconciliation must be intensified.
this would be a good confidence-boosting start.
but there was a steep political price to pay.
as a result, china became a global manufacturing center.
but real estate comprises the bulk of public commercial assets.
but this may be the least likely outcome of all.
what’s behind the crisis of democracy?
by restrictions on mobility, permits or perhaps a new wall?
at first, it seemed that convergence was accelerating.
one drug, soliris, costs $440,000 per patient per year.
for this reason, i cannot laugh at him.
only then can the eu's founding ideals be realized.
it is, instead, the eurozone governments that must act.
some were frightened, others wept with joy.
the flu also revealed some of mexico’s other fundamental flaws.
for this purpose, contingents of football fans were also used.
the rise in co2 levels has been known since 1960.
she left the conservative party over the issue in 1974.
but are such pleas smart investments for society?
of course, achieving such radical decentralization would take time.
would europe and america be on the same side?
amazingly, says brydon, two companies have embraced the idea.
in ukraine, sadly, tragedy and farce are inseparable.
holbrooke asked where they were.
argentina was briefly wall street's darling.
but he carefully avoided making race into the main issue.
credit rating agencies should demand to see the financing contracts.
meanwhile, investors will bet against them.
but she already is 40, and is thinking of marriage.
who were the protesters?
abe and hers allies are trying to quash that influence.
but the solutions to these problems are political and legal.
several steps should be taken.
finally, the interest-rate environment has changed.
the iraqi election was an important half-step in that direction.
for the party, this development is clearly worrying.
once the market took off, euphoria took over.
but so what?
a fair trade regime would have helped reduce that disparity.
newspapers are sounding alarms as well.
· increasing international burden-sharing.
but we must finish what we have started.
public policies should also encourage greater scope for individual choice.
until recently, israel had mostly kept out of the war.
the country’s sovereign debt should have been restructured without delay.
now those dreams, too, are receding.
third, dialogue must be re‑established.
issuance conditions were also favorable, with yields averaging 5%.
but what is europe?
it was a great opportunity lost.
even a wrong or “unjust” decision can end a conflict.
it concerns the end of america’s global dominance.
he achieved neither objective.
moreover, america can't be trusted to pursue international price stability.
the same could be said for the digital revolution.
in that case, putin’s response could be even more damaging.
i see data.
justice or democracy in brazil?
information revolutions are not new.
this reduces the helium concentration and makes extraction difficult.
one example will suffice.
she was writhing in pain, her body convulsed with seizures.
there are two broad lessons here for other developing countries.
20 men, seven women.
for many, downward mobility has become the new normal.
the convergence goes beyond their agendas’ common irrationality.
but its trade surplus also expanded dramatically during this period.
back then, she did not need one to be appointed.
what about the clinton administration record on financial regulation?
china’s dramatic manufacturing growth reflected low wages up to now.
nor do european governments display any such urge.
brown decisively changed that reputation.
income has a huge impact on health outcomes.
ghana, senegal, tanzania, kenya, and ethiopia are on that list.
the reason is simple.
true to racan's instinctive indecisiveness, the prime minister dallied.
several factors are at work.
so, where does the world stand now?
excluding the baltics, in particular, makes a mockery of expansion.
an extraordinarily complex end game is underway.
she would hardly be ideal.
she asked the museum for compensation for the fossil.
these developments reflect a democratic advance in both countries.
national interests must be placed above electoral considerations.
everyone is adjusting to leaner times.
the fed pays the banks 0.25% to keep them idle.
fortunately, the region’s leaders seem to recognize this need.
demand is what the world needs most.
this constituted a breakthrough in party tactics.
this is, of course, dangerous territory.
the plan certainly sounds reasonable.
toward a shared european house that is kept in order?
a crisis of beliefs is important for three reasons.
whoever governs must try to square this circle.
the responsibility will lie, first and foremost, with governments.
one qualification is in order.
yet the us found a way to finesse this problem.
the logic for the ndb is compelling.
president john f.
soon, our deregulation package will be set in motion.
the imf is currently under-equipped for this task.
the election also had important symbolic implications.
of course not.
but it pays off.
modern democracy is representative.
but confusing political campaigning with scientific reason won’t help.
but there is still room for hope.
but they held on.
aren’t small, open economies like singapore thriving?
we need hard power to deal with such cases.
is another downswing in their fortunes and reputations now starting?
it is a foundational pillar of xi jinping thought.
the tech sector needs to embrace that credo.
none of this should be controversial.
this is nonsense.
that is a human-rights catastrophe.
yet china’s inflation rate remained moderate.
bombs and bullets alone cannot defeat political poison.
first, china’s housing market is on the brink of collapse.
so prevention pays, if done right.
is it preferable to adjust in full?
the problem is, at root, structural.
before independence, nigeria’s legal tender was the british pound.
from this perspective, european governments face an uncomfortable choice.
the time has come for such a diplomatic overture.
what would happen?
that means forgoing some government services.
how then should foreign assistance to iraq be spent?
al-ahmar’s relationship with jihadists is a source of serious concern.
europe’s monetary union has worked remarkably well.
these regulations differ widely.
but is that true?
but many of them relapse and escape to yemen.
but there is no gigantomania.
“it is the violence that keeps us here,” he said.
those imbalances will remain until china completes its market transition.
but, by day, everyone was talking about real estate.
they hit it off.
this is not a partisan view.
yet the anniversary passed almost unnoticed.
yet the role of leadership in populism is vastly overestimated.
this is exactly the malady of young democracies.
the imf sees china’s gdp growth accelerating in 2013.
much of what socialism built needed to be undone.
this intergenerational altruism is an essential pillar of modern societies.
conventional debt financing will provide a path to inflation stabilization.
embattled politicians can be counted on to point the finger.
what then is the alternative to assimilation?
nor do they indicate that they will.
two ratios tell the story.
much of the advanced engineering is homegrown.
the balance sheet is improved by $500 million.
how could this happen?
but in recent times, toleration has scarcely existed.
in a world of scarcity, more always seemed better.
saif never followed up; nor did i.
will greeks fund water control projects in the netherlands?
but the kremlin-driven crisis would not be over.
so how can the commission distinguish between cases?
disarmament must enhance security.
we listen to the survivors so that we survive.
will trump get trumped?
but the biggest questions are on the european front.
restrictive regulations prevent us financial firms from serving chinese customers.
investing in maternal health should thus be a high priority.
thus, no experiments.
but even this provision will not be tested until 2018.
that scenario sums up germany’s foreign policy on libya.
research on pain is progressing on many fronts.
the socialist party is paralyzed, ossified, and powerless.
by 1989, they had little soft power left.
but this makes no economic sense.
is this likely to change as china embraces the internet?
but the challenge of integrating russia remains.
america's partners may provide them.
they actively promote carbon-intensive energy and deter green investment.
but consumers’ preferences were already shifting toward touch-screen smartphones.
of course, not all foreign-aid money is well spent.
but the costs don’t stop there.
and how will voters react?
abe has been a regular visitor to yasukuni.
as incomes declined, other domestic sectors collapsed.
their agenda was set, behind closed doors, by corporations.
none of this should be surprising.
the dutch government also has an important role to play.
this can be seen most clearly in my country, pakistan.
are these skeptics right?
but that was anathema to the regime.
springtime for fascism?
better still, scientists enjoy sharing their findings with others.
there are some larger regional consequences in all of this.
american diplomat george f.
the ghost of keynes hovers over europe and japan.
of course, income is not the only determining factor.
libra will lower the cost of cross-border payments.
the moneylender was the most hated figure in medieval europe.
this summer, the bush administration offered iran direct talks.
the general feeling was that there was no absolute freedom.
today, however, the mechanisms of globalization are already being eroded.
the link with migration is clear.
remember, corruption keeps things stable.
in many ways, this is beneficial.
here lies the conundrum.
rising chinese leverage will not produce a 2008-style financial crisis.
iran remains unmoved.
democracies can deal with political islam and respect fundamental rights.
the isro’s chief scientist, k.
no one raised liu’s name publicly during the g20 meeting.
excessive leverage needs to be reined in.
the consequences of such failures are far-reaching.
consider the battle against aids, tb, and malaria.
and the government will create 21,000 new subsidized childcare places.
household balance sheets are weaker.
this is causing everyone to suffer – even germany.
the other ideal was eternal peace.
this “poisoned earth” policy kills coca plants, not peasant farmers.
and yet those divisions were ultimately overcome.
can genes predispose a person to crime?
alas, that is not the universe we inhabit.
they are right.
the money is available.
this leaves only germany, the netherlands, and finland.
greece may stay the course this time.
after all, from yahoo!
that game is up.
roughly 10% of latent cases turn into active tb.
in the immortal lines of w.b.
no core problem was really tackled.
consider interest rates.
one europe with food policies for the long-term.
but the world’s population cannot move somewhere else.
this g-zero problem will not last forever.
why did you shoot them?” the little girl wailed.
it was the same with saddam hussein.
raqqa’s “liberation” is not ours.
she can talk the talk at davos.
none wore eyeglasses.
obviously, rules regarding motor vehicles need to be examined carefully.
and, apart from russia, europe is surrounded by ongoing conflicts.
wood stores carbon, owing to photosynthesis.
at this point, they have not.
but the story does not end there.
words and ideas have consequences.
this has been positive for the stock market.
a diffuse anxiety is gaining ground.
tudor subsequently finished second in the presidential election.
until 1910, british legislators were unpaid.
ovr and its leaders were constantly slandered by these channels.
the road through umm katef was opened.
the conflicts of interest were glaring.
why debt relief now?
this is why many democrats back her without enthusiasm.
the question then was this: liberated for what?
but serious challenges abound.
misreading chinese rebalancing
politically, the strains of globalization are twofold.
we must do the same.
all of this was in fact perfectly understandable.
the adoring political wife was always more caricature than character.
italy’s new government is unlikely to buy into this.
these countries’ combined current-account deficit matches germany’s surplus almost exactly.
the second question concerns where to build new infrastructure.
-- no to pollution.
i talk freely almost as a provocative performance.
we all know that we will die one day.
few countries are spared the economic carnage.
does legalizing prostitution work?
avoiding bad outcomes will not be easy.
instead, asia has become an economic powerhouse.
the ecb’s stance is peculiar.
none of this fazes the scottish nationalists.
all of these memories, of course, remain indelible.
talk about the creeping “new protectionism” was rife.
its results are equally clear.
having more men in leadership is thus good for everyone.
unsustainable debt is, sooner or later, written down.
this view is simply implausible.
you can only keep trying, keep pushing.
we know how to control tobacco use.
two million jobs disappeared in the last four months alone.
meanwhile, only 3% of total aid was spent on education.
not all officials are corrupt – far from it.
demand for loans was low, leaving it short of revenue.
she probably didn’t put it nearly strongly enough.
but then what is the role of subsidized lending?
there were just too many potential spoilers.
why is us policy so accommodating?
and, increasingly, the reasoning behind such forecasts seems persuasive.
the soviets were regularly attacked as dangerous enemies of god.
now the west is paying the price.
and why would russia stop with nato and its neighbors?
the french have seldom been enamored of democracy.
he was mindful of the moral consequences of his moves.
shanghai – everyone is talking about china’s economic slowdown.
he is wrong.
perhaps, then, asia is the answer.
the objective must be to slow the political clock.
this would render any excessive credit expansion unlikely.
china cannot afford to wait to build its new cities.
regulation can also benefit an economy by enabling competition.
the matter was complicated, and hers concern wasn’t confidentiality.
i know this mindset well.
both bill clinton and george w.
all of this risks serious skill atrophy.
the united states also loses.
similar observations have been made for the auditory system.
much progress has been made.
clearly, china’s rising clout is no longer confined to asia.
she supports exposure to multiple cultures.
the english writer g.k.
needless to say, not everyone is as optimistic as trump.
american ideas continue to affect the policy debate worldwide.
g-20 chairs can have considerable influence.
yet, while these are important problems, they are not decisive.
imagine if households don't plan ahead, don't build up reserves.
a criminal trial in libya might have been difficult.
but at some point, avoiding them becomes untenable.
yet, ugly or not, the downturn will eventually end.
economics does not have an ideology, she retorted.
his fiancée waited at the consulate’s entrance; he never reemerged.
but there are downside and upside risks to this scenario.
state and municipal finances are in even worse shape.
will they be enough to stop the killing?
none of this happened overnight.
trump’s normal self-pity has intensified lately.
they are contemptuous of the establishment.
it will be too big to fail.
so where do we go from here?
premature for many countries in transition.
intuition and common sense have been critical to our evolution.
this is just confusing.
this will cause value chains to become less global.
put it, “business as usual” could no longer continue.
but eu-british relations need not be antagonistic.
obama’s china card?
the stakes could not be higher.
otherwise, global openness would gradually succumb to protectionist interests.
identifying growth hot spots is only the start.
the third pillar of the system is political monopoly.
this makes most employers a little nervous.
an even thornier issue than taxation is data protection.
consultations should also be held with china and russia.
that pattern reflected cold war imperatives.
and the greens?
credit risk is best hedged through diversification across uncorrelated credits.
political unity can pave the way for monetary unity.
not surprisingly radical, even bolshevik-style, proposals are making a reappearance.
some patronize her, while others reject him arguments.
this is serious.
can we increase gross national happiness?
however, three options should be promoted.
that is where the debate should now turn.
for every debt incurred there is a credit extended.
and why hasn’t the world taken note?
egypt’s dead women walking
but memories fade.
within five decades, the moth had spread throughout north america.
“the world is what it is,” as the late v.s.
both now face major problems with disillusioned populations.
achieving faster long-run growth must be the top priority.
but they were wrong.
treaties alone do not induce fiscal virtue.
the muslim community closed in on itself.
it rarely is.
the second test concerns security.
modi’s domestic performance has also been underwhelming.
ironically, this stance threatens china’s interests most of all.
the first-order impact is clear.
so the public’s attitude toward europe is explicable and understandable.
what we found came as no surprise to us.
there are obvious parallels with terrorism.
new haven – asia has an inflation problem.
that is why leung should embrace dialogue and compromise.
and competition does play a role here.
why such a turnaround?
but palestinians certainly won’t.
we owe them and their children our best efforts.
can anything be done?
even more important is the constitutional wake-up call.
their choice is simple: innovate or become irrelevant.
our warnings and recommendations were not heeded.
in this, there may be the basis for a deal.
imagine how miraculous poland’s success is.
some countries have had double-digit inflation targets.
the chinese do this in two ways.
europe’s non-european europeans
but what is our long-run economic destiny?
romania and bulgaria were blacklisted at schengen’s inception.
these are the questions that leaders must ask at davos.
markets treat it like a pariah; meltdown occurs; capital flees.
big sister is invoked in stories about internet censorship.
here are three important principles to keep in mind.
and, so far, it seems to be working.
amid surging inequality, frustration with pervasive corruption has intensified.
nothing of the sort.
the proceedings should be broadcast nationwide on radio and television.
previously, i was twice arrested on charges that even mrs.
kuchma's tame courts failed to pursue.
yet people are not waiting for their leaders to act.
coercion, not culture, is the test.
the american military presence in poland remains largely symbolic.
she was both imperious and gentle, irascible and giving.
what explains these sharp differences?
similarly, the spd-led opposition will be beset by deep divisions.
-2.9
i think not.
during the 1970’s, he approached china, india, and pakistan.
the evidence from the mdgs is powerful and encouraging.
immanuel kant described two types of politicians.
meanwhile, the economy is on the verge of collapse.
fortunately, our international risk-management institutions are steadily improving.
there is understandable reluctance to allow that to happen again.
if that trade were stopped, global prosperity would suffer.
he will provoke, obstruct, ignore, and assign blame.
will a gridlocked congress deliver?
hezbollah could attack israel.
in many service industries, outputs are effectively measured by inputs.
the importance of these statements cannot be overestimated.
the vandals, meanwhile, were hailed by church officials as heroes.
it was diplomacy, flexibility, and cooperation.
something will have to give – and soon.
berlin – we live in a time of geopolitical transition.
london – europe faces an immigration predicament.
the west faces serious challenges – as it always has.
so what will?
such factors have contributed to rising inequality in many countries.
fundamentally, it derives from public support.
but that is not a reason for complacency.
it thus leads to a carbon gini coefficient of 0.
but treasury secretary william g.
are european males that much lazier than american females?
bush as a warmonger.
the drc has no tradition of democratic governance.
an eight-lane highway must carry traffic to generate tolls.
or so the eu demands.
technology and innovation are key to economic growth.
but fear continues to impede meaningful reform.
ecosystems always require diversity for resilience.
but what are central banks meant to be independent of?
big tech’s harvest of sorrow?
he is undermining the working of multilateral institutions.
so the fact that german products are undervalued is indisputable.
the third expropriates the creditor countries of the north.
war has recently raged in ukraine.
jobs will continue to be shed.
hegemony is not omnipotence, but is certainly preponderance.
again, we are hopeful, because momentum is building.
london – ali abdullah saleh is finished as yemen’s president.
and it will require the manpower to make that possible.
condemnation by the west has had no impact.
obama swept to power on the promise of change.
immigration cuts across that divide.
these views translate readily into action.
data remain scarce.
for example, greens advocate free municipal transport in major cities.
so the two leaders agree.
europe’s leaders were right about the pressure.
the alternative is paralysis.
like romania’s people, they survived only by daily cunning.
egypt the peacemaker?
we produce cheap electric energy.
time is of the essence.
the west cannot afford to be complacent.
are we more fit?
in any given year, roughly 10 million such “laborers” existed.
the opposite is the case for countries with current-account surpluses.
but the stakes are even higher than that.
kwasniewski and that run by mrs.
walesa was a most striking example of these facts.
with the conviction of karadžić, their efforts have been rewarded.
this may be a real game changer.
but far more needs to be done.
and why not?
national traditions are the second important factor in olympic success.
agree on a risk-sharing scheme for spanish banks.
leadership and substantial sacrifice will also be critical.
and what of the ldp?
suffocation or near-drowning are similarly problematic techniques.
in europe, a revolutionary period has begun.
labour’s leader, jeremy corbyn, splintered the remainers.
democracy has been restored after half-century of dictatorial disruption.
so-called post-communists are flying high with around 70%.
this brings us to italy.
the reality, though, is more complex.
the icty is flawed, of course.
this micro-institutional study of macro outcomes produced four surprises.
fatima and those like her deserve nothing less.
americans are still more connected than in many other countries.
so where is china’s economy now?
but that is inevitable in any country.
why should the us explain publicly what it is doing?
city officials, meanwhile, need to think beyond their municipalities’ boundaries.
the true number was 1.5%.
this is what defining diplomacy down is all about.
do the recent measures go far enough?
consider china’s service sector.
the numbers are truly shocking.
now, the risks have spilled out to the entire world.
this does not mean that democracy is unimportant.
but only tentative reforms have appeared so far.
yet, on both counts, balance-sheet repair has only just begun.
is france unreformable?
but haven’t we heard this all before in africa?
hers company reflects that singularity of focus.
consider public education, gasoline taxes, or highway speed limits.
events are showing that to be so.
and that might lure him to try for more.
that is, of course, a long transition period.
milan – there are many problems with fossil fuels.
liberty of thought is absolute, as is religious freedom.
that is not all.
change may be coming to much of the middle east.
that conclusion is no mere abstraction.
the question is whether time is running out.
boosting productivity is therefore imperative.
if we fail them, we will fail ourselves.
yet their regime is in crisis, and they know it.
refugees are coming by land as well as sea.
these incentives are present in all democracies.
in africa, the employment opportunities are pitiful.
usually france likes to keep its options open.
it certainly looks as if he will get his way.
but what triggered the sudden acceleration in naval shipbuilding?
who sang at a white house event?
and these are not the best of times.
but realizing that potential will be difficult.
but, in many places, the experiment was short-lived.
we owe this to the dead and to the survivors.
but the warnings did not yield an effective global response.
eu-nato tie-up buys time.
second, there is the question of income distribution.
but putin needs to be convinced to take the lead.
$a mechanism for joint decision-making to protect these interests.
generations of poles have participated in the charity’s fundraising drives.
washington, dc – a quiet breakthrough occurred recently in europe.
the united states is the worst offender.
for left-wing israelis, quite the opposite has happened.
america’s interest-rate puzzle
are we really secessionists now?
in some countries, the brain drain has reversed its flow.
deglobalization is unlikely.
their efforts will remain the basis for aggregate convergence.
at first glance, such a question seems absurd.
political mischief-makers do poorly in such soil.
but that analysis is too simple.
no company can afford a laissez faire attitude about cybersecurity.
moreover, those interventions come at a high cost.
a new holy alliance?
that is a smart model, but is there a downside?
can europe sustain the macron moment?
chile also remains one of latin america’s least egalitarian countries.
he has brought neither.
the big blink
5.
the soft patch may be closer to a quagmire.
the cases are becoming legion.
relatively safe enclaves should emerge from this effort.
still, the west has several options.
southeast asia offers many examples of this trend.
if so, shouldn't investments in equities be shunned?
again, the image of concentric circles can help.
we have less than 12 years to achieve the sdgs.
but for how long should they receive it?
innovation is the production of new knowledge that generates value.
macron’s movement, too, had right and left wings.
again i look over central park.
this should be unacceptable to anyone committed to democratic principles.
self-determination turns out to be an ambiguous moral principle.
girls must be convinced and assured of their worth.
the implications are far-reaching.
who wants cold war ii?
global terrorism is not new.
but this success is no reason for complacency.
if it fails to act accordingly, it will crumble.
central banking is all about managing market expectations.
neighboring iran seems to be the quintessential survivor.
instead, putin rules in hers own right.
such uncertainty can lead to a frozen state of near-entropy.
the lesson of this us experience is unambiguous.
but our approach has the important practical advantage of simplicity.
most economists would say it is imaginary.
flag pins have become popular.
no coercive “population control” measures are needed.
the world economy cannot count on higher investment levels either.
the passage of time ought to help with this bargaining.
indeed, among china’s elite no foreign-policy issue is more divisive.
long-run problems require policies that send long-run signals.
they continued to earn an income.
she deserves the chance to finish what she started.
today, the social basis of left-wing politics has vanished.
america pursued its interests through openness and multilateral systems.
policy mistakes may not always be avoidable.
the list goes on.
the agreement was the result of a collective effort.
how can we guarantee freedom of opinion under such conditions?
joblessness is the main cause of poverty.
let’s do it.
why provide economists with more facts to prove the point?
they are denied rehabilitation and recreational activities.
that is a problem for europe.
why are so many people afraid of so many things?
independent public administration creates institutional chaos.
what kind of eu do the member states--present and future--want?
fortunately, china has the policy space to pursue stimulus.
greenhouse-gas emissions are increasing.
three urgent priorities stand out.
one hopes that israeli voters recognize this in march.
the test made explicit what was implicit.
by 1866, only 34 members of the german confederation remained.
so, why is more not being done?
since then, international courts have had some major successes.
no doubt, palme reflected the spirit of hers times.
nanny never taught.
thirteen days later, he died from him wounds.
air support, although promised, never came.
it now infests the americas, europe, asia, and australia.
inflation there is already too high for comfort.
dismantling schengen would be a significant economic setback.
in july, robert w.
appoint a loyalist above him.
mexico’s situation is more complex.
i could not disagree more.
as a russian, i am familiar with rewriting history.
most economists understood the downside risks of european monetary union.
it demands the power of ideas that can galvanize others.
clearly, there is something appealing about a start-up-based innovation strategy.
the deterioration of ukraine’s situation is accelerating.
the question is far from abstract.
big brother google?
this would bring about what i call a “polypolar” world.
and, fourth, governments must improve prospects for private investment.
it’s a futile quest.
hers hesitation must reflect a deep anxiety.
there are risks that she will make policy mistakes.
the downside is increased risk for stroke and myocardial infarction.
but that is just the start.
things became more complicated after world war ii.
but hers tactic could easily backfire.
she predicted an overall twentieth-century global warming of 0.8 ºc.
russia is no enemy of the west; vladimir putin is.
no new technological revolution appears to be on the horizon.
on the surface, bernanke’s view seems intellectually unassailable.
yes, a steeper normalization path would produce an outcry.
britain was not to be part of it.
removing structural rigidities is easier said than done.
the first is the incoherence of american leadership.
strauss-kahn is proving herself a sagacious leader of the imf.
these banks also need direct support.
the world bank is a living example.
former african development bank president donald p.
the other risk is most evident in pvps.
long-outdated copyright and licensing laws must be overhauled.
millions of brazilians have made clear where their priorities lie.
yet this seems unlikely for two reasons.
so is a chinese bubble still possible?
and that, supposedly, made her a zionist.
tajani is right.
still, the government has important tasks to carry out.
liberalism is in retreat.
to be eligible, investments must be profitable.
and she has created a new state security council.
the old laws of household economics still apply.
wandering around the camp, segregation was in plain sight.
scared people rarely make wise choices.
the state had america’s best public schools and state universities.
fiscal discipline should be a priority, not an afterthought.
banks want to be left alone, unless they need help.
none of this can happen overnight.
conferences on climate change will still be held.
still, what we are seeing today is something different.
an opec for migrant labor?
euro area countries depend on one another for growth.
what, by contrast, might a pakistani liberal stand for?
but, like most bullies, trump occasionally reveals hers inner weakness.
this is where technology can play a key role.
(one role of igf-1 is to promote growth.
unqualified board members do not ask hard questions.
the message is clear.
in a similar vein, stephen s.
can latin america avoid another lost decade?
regulators are typically not subject to those temptations.
mutual understanding is the only way to moderate the consequences.
yes, it is true.
between 1938 and 1941, growth averaged more than 10%.
they are mistaken.
ireland showed the importance of foreign direct investment.
but peru is fundamentally different from any african country.
the fall of the berlin wall revived that dream.
but is it all just a matter of opinion?
so now argentina will face international law.
the g-20 can say the right things about cooperation.
were the doves right, or just lucky?
they are also�the basis of democratic leadership.
this tangible welfare gain would also include economic benefits.
hers son-in-law has continued in that tradition.
their constituents largely ended up ignoring the issue altogether.
moreover, the cure can be worse than the disease.
and yet that could very well happen.
austrians nearly closed the door on that option.
thus, economic inequality is felt differently in today’s world.
this, in fact, is what thinking creatures do every day.
but imaginary cataclysms have real-world consequences.
the colorful tibetan district was cordoned off.
start with saudi arabia.
asians are slow to acknowledge that power entails international responsibility.
and, this month, turkey has a deadline.
among the optimists are ejaz ghani and stephen d.
o’connell of the world bank.
it would be natural to suspect us of bias.
this may be a tough sell politically.
in argentina, both sides are posturing.
such proposals might spur further reform of the un itself.
but being mad is not the same as being right.
of course, the eradication of polio is a noble goal.
russia’s somewhat archaic political culture overly personifies power.
it was a reckless roll of the dice.
the same could be said about the world bank.
world sugar prices collapsed, and haiti fell into deeper disarray.
more could be done here.
once in custody, the torture began immediately.
old habits die hard.
this election is particularly rich in lessons.
she particularly abhorred an emotional approach to foreign policy.
my contributions are made in that spirit.
unfortunately, this argument backfired.
that is one reason why international bankers love international coordination.
the second factor underlying today’s problems relates to investment.
both juncker and macron’s plans would require german cooperation.
foreign ministries around the world should be equally nervous.
they have converging economies and coordinated monetary and fiscal policies.
pupils, especially young ones, cannot observe a teacher’s pedagogical effort.
but they are not.
the ntc faces a number of economic dilemmas as well.
let’s start with the disclosure statement.
it is our diversity that has made us so successful.
this is a process that is likely to accelerate.
during the 1990's, americans' productivity soared.
the world will thus certainly become much warmer.
or perhaps that is precisely the point.
its current-account surplus was its just reward for hard work.
may the next american president pursue this course.
if they fail, trump’s victory will be the world’s loss.
lam has been badly hurt politically.
for decades, globalization promised to bring benefits to all.
· globally connected, specialized markets.
this historical experience was good for reform capability.
how common is the phenomenon we are examining?
determining the movement’s commitment to peace is trickier.
china claims that its power over pyongyang is limited.
or a huge growth breakthrough?
the first track macron is exploring concerns transparency.
“why did you do that?
what about after rio?
some direct intervention in wages may help.
all americans would do well to follow their example.
several developments and forces are now shaping this arena.
but does this behavior make china stronger in the region?
how these transitions turn out will matter for several reasons.
right and left swapped seniority around a barely-existent central pole.
last month, producer prices were down 4.3% year on year.
some universal banks did well, others badly.
these are the true challenges facing the middle east.
the point about george w.
johannesburg – “if the law supposes that,” mr.
but why are developing-country governments dragging their feet?
no objective historian would call any of these men isolationists.
the long-term unemployed will drop out of the labor market.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
a stronger rmb can help only the overheated chinese economy.
however, bidil was suddenly born again as a racialized remedy.
and conditions in africa and latin america are generally stabilizing.
education for girls is crucial to ending child marriage.
yet this policy earned europe neither recognition nor relevance.
but a global backlash has already developed.
that drives the american right crazy.
the cost of inaction is high.
the cast of opportunists is well known.
but that’s not his style.
teamwork was an obligation, not a choice.
but much remains to be done.
its time has come, and will not pass.
africa ought to be the global carbon market’s new frontier.
but brazil's size need not go for nought.
will those products last, or will they be superseded?
trump’s record on economic multilateralism is no better.
deep thinking needs to be followed by bold action.
chaudhuri had a point.
still, a win is a win by the rules.
few governments appreciate the scale of this transformation.
south korea is at a crossroads.
nor is it alarming.
what about today?
for starters, political risks could derail progress.
yet authoritarianism is not solely the preserve of states.
are the tpp’s critics being unreasonable?
third, there is the winner-take-all character of many professions.
what will americans get for their $1.80 per year?
some argue that the patent system should simply be dismantled.
his answer remains controversial to this day.
invoking reciprocity is nonsense worthy of trump.
in particular, he got three things right.
this puts them under putin’s direct control.
this debate has a long history.
government spending, no less than government transfers, has actual beneficiaries.
common solutions require inclusion and a spirit of cooperation.
somalia’s current catastrophe is not unique.
then i got distracted for about 40 years.
at that point, stagnation becomes a trap.
blunt instruments will only make matters worse.
india needs to know if musharraf is sincere.
there’s no reason to think they would stop now.
thus, measures to increase demand are also necessary.
but does that mean that the euro doomsayers are right?
as long as that remains true, haiti's agony will continue.
emerging europe needs new sources of competitiveness.
this philosophical position has practical implications.
that would be nothing short of disastrous.
they write blogs.
the gilets jaunes are not an isolated phenomenon.
fresh water is one such area.
the german minister supplied the answer.
refugees of the currency war, unite!
none of these countries is without problems, of course.
the time for secrecy is past, if it ever existed.
who benefits from trump’s trade war?
even repression, the mainstay of the regime’s survival, was fine-tuned.
what should be done?
a battle of values is looming.
i believe that they do.
in large part, he can thank 9/11.
but that approach, too, might have a downside.
and this proportion is sure to rise.
but, to achieve them, there are no prêt-à-porter solutions.
yet some predictions can be made with greater confidence.
so a neat shia-sunni dividing line cannot be drawn.
europe needs leaders.
the danger, of course, is that lessons can be overlearned.
i can certainly see the wisdom in brzezinski’s approach.
tepid growth reflects weak demand.
so this is not the issue.
prime minister shinzo abe is off to an uneven start.
this is a daunting task, given the eu’s current structure.
these developments are causing growing unease in washington.
some played by the rules; others forged documents.
it won’t work.
no one can be tested without hers or him consent.
much will depend on what transpires and how.
the familiar debate is between austerity and stimulus.
this is good news.
if this continues, china’s partners will eventually lose patience.
tropical diseases will spread, killing still more people.
yet slower growth need not be a bad thing.
important divergences re-emerge on social questions.
the only certainty about mr.
and now the west is experiencing something similar.
these anxieties have too often been ignored.
financial volatility is like a superstorm on an already-warming planet.
in short, we need more carrots, rather than just sticks.
we brought him rice porridge, chocolate eclairs, tamarind candy.
the chances of saving the inf treaty are now negligible.
the mere fact that a vote took place is important.
rationing is always worse than a market.
this is a big deal.
above all, they need to start now.
now, this will change.
about 500,000 young men are conscripted every year.
syrians in cairo or beirut could do the same.
fiscal reform is another urgent priority highlighted by china 2030.
but the question of china’s future has become unavoidable.
not every country will be affected equally.
they are not always easy to reconcile.
the latter two are difficult to liquidate.
yet the roma found themselves losers of the democratic transformation.
the same is likely to happen with the srf.
can investment save europe?
but action can and should be taken.
thirty years later, chile’s exports comprise the same items.
the consensus is that they do not.
the scale of the challenge should not be underestimated.
was it bad luck, miscalculation, or bureaucratic error?
such control is detrimental to the evolution of open societies.
can’t we engineer our way out of our plastic problem?
puerto rico’s fiscal situation was also worsening before the crisis.
how central banks respond to this is the key question.
so a european islam is needed urgently.
there is no telling precisely when that correction will happen.
now it is time to re-examine the oda system.
a second priority is to improve data literacy.
citizens delegate decisions to representatives (governments, legislators).
but these entities’ capabilities remain unclear.
both sides of this argument have a point.
and public sentiment has followed suit.
yet look at the united states today.
the same is true of advisers like nkhoma.
in fact, such forces are already on the rise.
the internet’s impact on politics is deeply ambiguous.
record global temperatures in june and july.
but we are less secure than we think.
structural reform cannot wait.
when president george w.
that is what happened this week.
this means that new convergence criteria are needed too.
however, new evidence may be altering the economic calculus.
in other words, kipling could yet be proved wrong.
nobody is in control.
politicians seem distant and untrustworthy, citizens tell pollsters.
i was impressed.
what accounts for the lag in these areas?
second, the imf should promote financial stability through bilateral surveillance.
indeed, the sport both reflects and transcends india’s diversity.
zurich – it is all too easy to envy china.
but things are not so simple.
would bush have said that the british had learned that?
canada would never have agreed to this demand.
initially, this looked like a natural correction.
there are three possible explanations for what has gone wrong.
is china closing or opening?
a lower corporate-tax rate would weaken this justification.
what shall we tell him?
but should central banks also be worrying about the issue?
that has not happened.
sometimes they never see the desired results.
that is a recipe for disaster.
will turkey weather the middle east storm?
• the approach of european monetary union.
the area of human rights, above all, demands our vigilance.
the single currency rules out devaluation within the eurozone.
but is the situation really that bad?
it doesn’t have to be this way.
we, the corporations?
three other critical factors played a role.
this could, of course, quickly change.
can economics shake its shibboleths?
there is also another, more fundamental, reason for hope.
central-bank bond sales, while certainly not inevitable, may be appropriate.
we praise competition, not monopolies, in economic life.
it’s a necessary transition for china.
this is not sustainable.
your voice can prevent a war.
international firms should be particularly concerned.
is qe merely the sequel to the “greenspan put”?
in short, urban public health needs to be reinvented.
that answer is decidedly counterintuitive and hence easy to reject.
after all, modern economies are stable and stubborn things.
of course, sanctions would hurt russia’s trading partners, too.
sadly, europe’s policymakers do not seem up to the challenge.
this, too, is wrong-headed.
so how much time do we have?
democracy by decree?
growth itself has become divisive.
similar safeguards will be needed for neuroprostheses, including in research.
consider the euroskeptics' favorite examples, norway and switzerland.
leszek kolakowski was one of these people.
will the rumsfeld revolution continue?
downward risks to growth had significantly increased, fed officials explained.
indeed, ukraine could be the next potential crisis.
these murder sprees are so unusual that people demand explanations.
on december 30, zhao’s blog disappeared.
the first earth day, in 1970, was deeply pessimistic.
thatcherism’s second success was to weaken trade unions.
managing urban water is not rocket science.
universal access to high-quality education is also critical.
they are very russian.
there might be others.
in the weeks since the vote, taiwan has staggered ahead.
compensating the latter and isolating the former is politically essential.
nonetheless, three major problems remain.
the loss of lives is inexcusable.
seoul: south korea is suffering the blues.
the problem is that there are pockets of vulnerability.
nations, like democratic politics, take time to form and consolidate.
why should information about how to help people be secret?
referenda give people a voice.
so the stories, unheard and untold, are lost.
muammar el-qaddafi’s dictatorship.
overall, however, the movement has remained peaceful and even joyous.
this is what democracy activists should be discussing.
whatever europe does will not save the planet.
this is nonsense.
that courage has been lost.
the effort can be difficult and discouraging.
the market is thus rife with distortions.
but the window of opportunity will not stay open forever.
and it works.
a painful decade of stagnation for america lies ahead.
if anything, the description above is already dated.
new delhi – indian politics continues to amaze and appall.
to be sure, over-diagnosis is inevitable with good screening tests.
this scenario may well never happen.
bombs can only destroy.
“know” refers to analysis and skills, which can be trained.
or was it a rare instance of generalized organ failure?
at worst, they may even wish to kill me.
and besides, we all carry multiple, overlapping identities.
continual exchange is needed to foster trust.
but leadership is not about conceding to short-terms politics.
sanctions, trump has long maintained, would force iran to negotiate.
and yet modern checks and balances slow down any response.
but conflict is not inevitable.
china bashing has never had broader appeal.
its president, david malpass, could help broker such a deal.
did she not care about hers legacy?
the facts are imposing and incontrovertible.
looking forward, the iaea confronts both internal and external challenges.
true, the war in iraq distracted america’s attention from afghanistan.
it is a story that china has repeated since 2009.
his wife, benazir bhutto, was killed by terrorists.
in practice, however, the scheme leaves much to be desired.
the economist called it an “illiberal” turn.
for a long time, trade appeared to benefit everyone.
moreover, cameron has an impressive track record of exceeding expectations.
that is not good news.
today, it is less than 3%.
which policies work best?
africa’s future really is as simple as that.
putin wears these many hats well.
the country’s constitutional tribunal invalidated that law on procedural grounds.
alas, few understand this.
heating buildings is another area where major changes are needed.
what needs to be done has long been clear.
but this is really only part of the story.
lagos – africa’s economies are finally beginning to roar.
for most of us, fortunately, life is precious.
as former acting fbi director andrew g.
the israeli-palestinian issue is crucial for all the obvious reasons.
but the resulting fluctuations are likely to be largely temporary.
such an alliance, however, would be far from stable.
more significantly, perhaps, a global market is a complex ecosystem.
this sensible-sounding logic currently underpins austerity.
ghana and ethiopia will join this month.
could a federal europe replace today's national identities?
instability can express itself anywhere.
all of this is logical enough.
likewise, policymakers should emphasize science over politics.
then there are the alarming human-rights violations.
meanwhile, the upside of extra spending could be significant.
several crucial decisions lay ahead.
· a more balanced liberalization agenda.
there are three possible responses to this state of affairs.
which view is right has big implications for policy.
in this case, maybe one should just provide the treatment?
us policy options are limited.
moreover, you should care about equity.
and often the interests of shareholders and managers are aligned.
first, policymakers should criticize turkish policy when warranted.
never before, however, have the major parties stalemated so neatly.
many men migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
the first step is a reckoning.
they wanted to be identified as defenders of a cause.
but there is something more fundamental underlying diplomats’ natural diffidence.
and yet the doubts persisted.
companies know that sound risk-management strategies depend on solid data.
but trump offered more than hers usual rabble-rousing show.
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has himself made the case.
which way for us foreign policy?
that, in a nutshell, is the story of greece.
when -- surprise, surprise!
clearly, something other than education is needed to generate prosperity.
there is good reason to think that trouble will escalate.
there is no turning back.
“life lost its meaning,” she told american lawmakers in 2008.
either choice would have far-reaching consequences.
the world is facing unprecedented challenges.
support for a global financial-transaction tax is growing.
so, what does the new nasa budget do?
brexit has had a profound effect on eu politics, too.
what unifies these ingredients is the key characteristic of predictability.
today, migration is extremely circumscribed.
santiago – venezuela remains in free fall.
should the world go to rio?
moreover, merkel was not the only target.
and yet, humanity seems forever drawn to the cold.
this isn’t surprising.
but expectations created by pre-crisis growth patterns adjust slowly.
that leaves japan.
the nationalist trend has continued unabated ever since.
that happened when lehman sisters failed in september 2008.
petraeus shifted us forces to a more aggressive strategy.
evidently, something else is going on.
japan's chronic slump is a case in point.
the first concerns the complexity and vulnerability of our world.
consider three strategic considerations that kim could be weighing.
political dishonesty, it turns out, takes different forms.
such new thinking is not universal.
the last man seated then was, of course, vladimir putin.
that is not to say that hollande is charismatic.
justice is not an abstract or “unrealistic” concept.
or the teenager disabled by obsessive compulsive disorder.
as a result, most women suffer in silence.
globalization has done the world a lot of good.
but the commonplace gloom about japan’s prospects is grossly overdone.
the us is betting more on mahan and kennan.
of course, russia’s rulers have usually preferred myth to reality.
an accidental currency war?
haldane describes this as resorting to the roulette wheel.
explanations of this phenomenon vary.
japan’s culture remains inward-looking.
global agreement, if feasible (and if enforceable), is appropriate.
serbia must also deliver gen.
are sanctions saving russia?
on its own, this decision would be worrying enough.
the bis has a right to be heard.
constitutional reform is critical.
but this generalized benefit has failed to materialize.
one exception may be the currencies of commodity exporters.
but early results are encouraging.
it would likely create lasting ties between people and economies.
but this did not happen as atatürk planned.
at first, that worked just fine.
controlling for these variables is difficult.
but in fact, they do not return to “new” lives.
of course, ai’s impact extends globally.
but this is no longer the case.
who is marine le pen?
sadly, that is not the case.
they blame everything on the embargo.
but can we find and support them at scale?
the pact would become meaningless under such circumstances.
and the nationalist party led by general a.
the issue is an empirical one.
of course, governments must also maximize their own resources.
she is bold, ready to take on great challenges.
then, someone will have to be held responsible.
their reasons are entirely understandable.
ukraine’s problems are not macroeconomic.
there are plausible reasons for enacting such a law.
emerging markets around the world enjoyed a spectacular recovery.
they may be right.
indeed, there is no time to lose.
of course, greece is in difficulty again.
already, european states have made conflicting decisions on these topics.
in honduras, local gangs work with international organized crime groups.
several economies that recently faced financial crises are rebounding strongly.
second, the ecb president needs a solid economics background.
then reality intruded.
in these circumstances, we badly need strong and wise leadership.
let’s help people build their own societies.
the situation appears even worse for french universities.
and yet europe cannot succeed without germany remaining deeply european.
the country’s pension system emphasizes private saving and individual responsibility.
but this argument is not valid, either.
there are several potential alternatives.
the comparable number in warsaw is 6%.
but there is also a deeper one.
one cannot succeed without the other.
china is currently encircled by us military installations and allies.
divestment is indeed one answer, for several reasons.
more than 450 people have died.
still, taken together, the remaining brics are larger than japan.
still, things are looking good for berlusconi so far.
there are other jews around trump, too, apart from miller.
but hers choice is probably wrong.
changes in four key areas could prove particularly valuable.
is this true?
the majority of the continent’s national statistics services are underdeveloped.
similar patterns are found elsewhere.
that tactic is not new.
crunch time is fast approaching.
resistant pathogens cause about 700,000 deaths every year.
they expected no surprises.
what about political interests?
alas, that has not been the case.
obama’s recent international successes are not unassailable.
but has it?
he is surrounded by academics.
china has no choice but to move toward zero-emission cars.
the stalling of turkey’s eu accession process reflects several factors.
the fiscal and monetary impulse supported a rapid recovery.
first, the us population is aging.
one need only recall the bidding for emcore or firstgold.
hiv alone attracts many billions per year.
suddenly, the u.s.
petersburg liberals pursue market economic reforms.
in a sense, history is more powerful than policy.
why castro survives
weimar germany blindly poisoned itself.
india has made its transition, to a modern society democratically.
washington, dc – our billionaire problem is getting worse.
but the numbers tell only part of the story.
africa cannot afford to squander its young, male talent.
the first is to weaken china’s incentive to accumulate reserves.
multi-shift schooling satisfies both of these principles.
what israel can do, others can do as well.
first, any joint endeavor must respect diversity.
he should trigger omt before it is too late.
their anxiety about losing control may be genuine.
you could do well, without feeling bad.
it cannot instruct them to change their rules.
from the start, clinton was not broadly liked.
but that is just the first step.
pressure will grow for him to step aside.
that, too, can no longer be taken for granted.
but are these reforms even feasible?
yet high and protracted unemployment plagues many less-skilled workers.
some became vegetarian or vegan.
today it ranks in the middle of the oecd countries.
in the long run, though, rule by bayonet rarely works.
today, however, bad diets seem to have more staying power.
the resulting epizootic (animal epidemic) affected more than 280,000 cows.
who is responsible for the greek tragedy?
this is untrue.
for me, the high-priority items are fairly clear.
an effective solution to this problem exists: solar-power technology.
pro-trade forces can speak up in the political process.
yet that asteroid was only about 200 feet in diameter.
not surprisingly, this process has drawn multiple complaints.
the ingredients of the melting pot are separating.
a week later, gen.
consider the french executive.
the bankers failed this test dismally.
it has also complicated the work of governments unnecessarily.
isis is not alone among extremists.
but citizens now doubt both these points.
is she right?
money ceases to have credibility.
he cannot lose any time in fulfilling that pledge.
many turks have begun to see things the same way.
sri lanka is a democracy.
the sun seems to be setting on syria itself.
finally, the francophone approach relies on two types of monopoly.
but not for much longer.
what comes next is anyone’s guess.
they would close their borders to stem capital flight.
it already has more than $2 trillion.
recessions, when they came, were shallow and brief.
scientists are human and can be mistaken.
japan has done its part.
emerging powers have the potential to fill this need.
this is already happening on the margins.
dysfunctional finance - for decades government allocated credit.
so apec membership is highly important for status-conscious russia.
unfortunately, neither appears likely.
there is no easy answer.
does this reflect a systemic failure?
this means talking and listening to the russians.
lastly, macroeconomists must recognize that distribution matters.
is this scenario plausible?
here, too, there is serious cause for concern.
the security debate has understandably often focused on the consequences.
kennedy and gerald ford and lasted until the 1990s.
such temperatures can be achieved only through liquid-helium cooling.
shareholders seem to take little interests in pay policy.
what is the pound telling us?
indeed, asian trade and commodity flows are increasingly interlinked.
but, as always, there are tradeoffs.
i don’t feel outraged.
the situation is no better in europe.
now comes the hard part.
nor is there a simple explanation of what causes poverty.
their self-confidence can be infectious.
here is where the whole process will stand or fall.
euro membership may become more attractive in the future.
instead, china’s policymakers inadvertently created bottlenecks in local land supply.
fortunately, gainful employment already is being stimulated across india.
they have not.
what are russians protesting about?
british membership is important to many in europe.
that is a good thing.
but this situation is likely to change.
these are legitimate and important human-rights concerns.
the new chechen authorities seem to welcome this prospect.
but don’t celebrate yet.
not a shred of new or recent evidence was presented.
how can that set of instruments be expanded?
or in companies that sell guns to drug gangs?
banks must also fund themselves in a more stable fashion.
moreover, young people account for 60% of africa’s unemployed.
isis’s advances in libya are only the latest example.
putin, too, also seems to suspect his regime’s impotence.
indeed, half of egypt’s population is under age 25.
reactions to this perilous momentum came without delay.
after a slow start, clinton had his successes.
both failed, because iran’s presidents do not run the country.
there is an alternative to imf-sponsored inertia on debt relief.
the taxation issue may go deeper.
yields on us treasuries spiked.
reality is quite different.
a unilateral military strike would carry potentially dire consequences.
but how do we know whether we have too many?
the us problem is simple: stocks are in the stratosphere.
this is not just an american problem.
can un goals actually make a difference?
in this, too, he was a man of his time.
consider carefully what you want to accomplish.
juppé’s liabilities are very different.
in 1999, in elliot associates, lp v.
tin political ears deserve defeat.
but the world is converging demographically, and fast.
traditional business leadership styles have become less effective.
living standards around the world continue to rise.
but is it?
this can be done in creative ways.
elsewhere, the outlook is no brighter.
so which reforms are needed to advance gender equality?
resentment in the south is political.
even britain has succumbed to this calculus.
although invention was required, existing scientific methods were used.
all that is lacking is the political will.
yet we also know that individual views are remarkably heterogeneous.
most people then probably would have voted to stay.
in fact, monetary tightening might not even be called for.
seventh, the transition to sustainable agriculture must be completed.
they are justly proud of the ethnic diversity of china.
"i'm glad that the usa was attacked," read one.
otherwise, the competitiveness gains would be offset by rising inflation.
this will not be easy.
this is not the optimal economic response to commodity abundance.
the other basic instrument includes economic incentives and disincentives.
the fed’s latest model estimates this nairu to be 4.9-5.2%.
the risks are greater than the promise.
but ordinary europeans should not be fooled.
now they save a half-day’s time with a two-minute call.
strongly anti-inflationary monetary policy.
we could do all good things.
yet a few weeks later, she announced new tariffs.
but this cannot go on indefinitely.
totalitarian and authoritarian regimes have been swept away.
iran formally launched its opening toward america in january.
economic management suffers from similar opacity.
realizing that hope is no easy task.
in russia, it is more than imaginable.
third, the international community must prepare for changing health-care needs.
modern societies are characterized by acute problems of belonging.
that was the message at the heart of merkel’s remarks.
but the opposition's task is far from finished.
the pardon power is like a loaded gun.
pledges of billions of dollars are announced.
almost immediately, zte’s operations were effectively shut down.
study after study shows the reverse to be true.
faster “growth,” certainly.
terrorist attacks on russia did not cease or decline.
indeed, that is not the way french politics works.
india’s economic reforms have taken a long time to implement.
preparedness for y2k varies substantially around the world.
competition is not a zero-sum game.
stalin’s persecutions also targeted a disproportionately large number of jews.
did she even support democracy?
ultimately, greater convergence in the post-crisis global economy appears inevitable.
this is a major challenge.
now, it is less than one in four.
weakened, the government became psychologically prepared for still greater concessions.
decision-making increasingly takes place at considerable distance from the public.
the reason is simple.
together, we can safeguard the curative powers of our medicines.
fundamental issues remain unsettled; hard choices must be made.
at the hawkish end of the spectrum sit the chinese.
of course, not all migrants are refugees or require protection.
“it just feels wrong!” we say.
wealth does not “trickle down” to the poor.
central america needs help.
dynastic concerns now seem to be paramount for the regime.
there are three commonly proposed responses.
i am no pessimist, even less a doomsayer.
other forms will follow.
it would not eliminate huge inequalities.
the global financial system remains distorted and dangerous.
but what qualifies a post as “relevant”?
make no mistake.
second, solidarity was a social movement.
before adopting it, we should explore more economical alternatives.
first, any trade agreement has to be symmetrical.
· passive investment products attracting large inflows.
even germany is facing internal political challenges.
he has consigned the communists to trotsky's dustbin of history.
the decline has been particularly marked in the private sector.
instead, greece’s creditors chose to tighten the screws.
parliament was lively, but essentially powerless.
instability is not confined to the financial system, however.
the consequences have been problematic, to say the least.
but, at other times, the stories seem more solid.
consider yasuhiro nakasone, koizumi’s predecessor in the 1980’s.
third, it is essential to remove online extremist content promptly.
london – is a shrinking population always a bad thing?
they shouldn’t have been.
it is high time to address the problem.
environmental degradation reached a crisis point.
it may bounce in any direction.
and we should be grateful that they do.
how the international system will fare remains to be seen.
ignoring this reality will lead to failure, if not catastrophe.
funds were appropriated for the commission's operations.
and here, engel might be forced to play along.
nearly two centuries have passed since tocqueville wrote hers masterpiece.
many features of china’s political system impede that goal.
the attack on the nation-state comes from above and below.
weapons of female destruction
yet she remains in jail.
much will depend on the election results.
and politicians are often accomplices to rent-seeking and nepotism.
and in china, growth is unmistakably slowing.
the us has a point.
our creditors’ insistence on greater austerity is subtle yet steadfast.
tokyo – the korean peninsula is stirring.
the new agenda must also include a strong economic component.
at a deeper level, two conceptual revolutions also occurred.
but at what cost?
the world, unfortunately, isn’t like that.
the first of these two hypotheses remains far-fetched.
for more information about the event, go here.
there are several reasons for this.
hu’s government has also tightened controls over the media.
unfortunately, both are weak, or even wrong.
over the next 60 years, genetics may be another.
but the party remains in charge today.
there was a new sense of acceptance, urgency, and pace.
today, pakistan is asia’s worst-performing economy.
that would reinforce, rather than reduce, ethnic and religious divides.
late communism was a strange time indeed.
eu leaders have responded in kind.
each of us has some specific interests.
but they have merely ensured the country’s decline.
current us policy is befuddled, to say the least.
there is no self-control issue there.
kelly’s fate today is uncertain.
but that does not mean that welcoming them is cost-free.
half of ukraine’s population is russian-speaking in various degrees.
the bhopal tragedy remains the world’s worst industrial disaster.
but global warming overall means more precipitation.
obviously, greater knowledge enhances our capacity to act.
consider the region’s history.
the result will be a safer world.
"we pay dearly for not having suffered.
but trump does not have a monopoly on post-truth politicking.
but then fear of globalization moved to the west.
but it would, at least, provide a measure of accountability.
second, we misunderstand corporate managers’ incentive structure.
but she was seen as politically tone-deaf otherwise.
marx was not oblivious to the dangers of anti-semitism.
unfortunately, that trend may be reversing.
what about errors?
robinson emphasize the importance of inclusive political and economic institutions.
and simply waiting will have no effect.
cyprus illustrates the problem.
religious conservatives were stunned.
here the us and others must disabuse them.
meanwhile, the west went on to dominate the world economy.
pundits claim that arabs cannot manage democracy.
but from businesses’ perspective, things look rather different.
this is a proven approach.
but there was a deep paradox in all of this.
several american companies are already working to close the gap.
they oppose projects such as that of drs.
but this policy mix is counterproductive.
against this backdrop, poland is the odd man out.
depression’s psychedelic solution?
since then, c.
this was not always the case.
there is a widespread yearning for reform across europe.
paris – “april is the cruelest month,” wrote t.s.
indonesia can be one ally.
so far, brussels’ response has been less than reassuring.
but our arguments were consistently dismissed.
moreover, netanyahu still has some cards to play.
have the pundits been smoking something?
this should mean better care and better outcomes.
should you buy bitcoin?
today, the international community faces two challenges.
i use my faith foundation only as one example.
but not all of the current retreat is healthy.
in high-income countries, the share is over 80%.
urban land wealth is not just a london phenomenon.
what should the private sector do better?
at the end of hers struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
general musharraf knew the alternative.
so far putin has offered no long-range plan.
but, there is another dynamic at work.
these rules provide reciprocal benefits and are thus largely self-enforcing.
any hint of compromise will expose officials politically.
kremlin policymaking is largely an interplay between these three factions.
yet we continue along our perilous path.
if only it were that simple.
there were times when german capitalism was shown greater respect.
colau is right.
it is not clear whence hassett is getting his data.
but the budget law did not end the problem.
the conversation again turned to macron.
yet such prudence is not the same as isolationism.
was olof palme unaware of pol pot's massacres?
welcoming more than a million refugees was the right call.
there have been four waves of indian emigration.
i was not dropped; i finished first in my class.
for one thing, services trade is equally important.
customers suffered because competition was weak.
where does china's communist government fit in?
other countries would do well to follow suit.
she needs to mobilize the general interest effectively.
this kind of economic expansion rarely ends well.
she would have resigned.
but it can also stifle development.
both sides have good reason not to start a war.
more is to come.
but navigating that path is the eu’s only option.
that may be true, up to a point.
how can developing countries pay for the sdgs?
so it is, unexpectedly, with argentine debt.
the first is accountability.
but it is time to translate recognition into concrete action.
one example is the disability act of 2003.
what will we do then?
will health care be disrupted?
indeed, the orthodox church has consecrated nicholas ii a saint.
all over africa, china is financing and constructing basic infrastructure.
should we tax labor or capital?
our first step in this endeavor?
but most of that cost will be borne by europe.
this is not necessarily a welcome development.
home was home.
understanding akihito’s reign requires some modern historical context.
this year is likely to be no different.
but this has already happened.
maximum production (what economists call potential gdp) will decline.
patients’ needs must always be emphasized.
comparisons between tudjman and tito, however, are undermined by anachronism.
but it parallels a general shift in economists’ opinion.
they would be under the control of euro-zone finance ministers.
a direct relationship is at work here.
we're paying on time, and we're paying in hard currency.
he had a chance to become a democratic unifier.
here is what i say.
nevertheless, international monetary reform remains a legitimate aspiration.
yet they represent something more.
agriculture is among the most ubiquitous forms of female entrepreneurship.
how can we erase this stain?
europe does not need asia’s rates of economic growth.
emerging market crises do hold important lessons.
true, al qaeda's tentacles reach into many conflicts.
“free trade” has always been something of a misnomer.
the supermajority’s decisions would be binding on all other investors.
but this identity must be open.
the economy is yet to recover.
european policymakers should intervene before such an outcome materializes.
these institutions cooperate with the world bank.
or he may overshoot.
they really have little to lose and much to gain.
the ecb’s job was hard from the beginning.
crowds may not.
new infections continue to outpace treatment efforts.
but now it must reinvent itself.
the audience, of course, was the world.
while these results are impressive, much remains to be done.
his was the aristocracy of the spirit.
sharp currency revaluations wreak havoc on a country’s international competitiveness.
but, inevitably, the firm’s technologies become standardized and commoditized.
moreover, it has neighboring turkey on its side.
these are not far-fetched ideas.
it wasn’t the stage lighting, she said.
the answer is surprisingly straightforward and well understood.
norway is a pioneer in this area.
the repercussions of this revolution will not be only economic.
this policy should include three crucial elements.
and many cost-cutting measures worldwide disproportionately affect the poor.
in matters of war and peace, japan abdicated its sovereignty.
tokyo – the world economy is struggling.
there have been positive gains.
today, jihadism is more fundamentally divided than ever before.
yet its brutality has often caught africa in the crossfire.
most advanced-country central banks don’t agree with the bis.
such steps will make far-reaching transfers of sovereignty unavoidable.
nevertheless, maazel may have a point.
but hers case is very different.
so reform became inevitable.
the fundamental problem in iraq is not jobs.
this is a significant moment in the nuclear age.
and he is meant to serve a specific purpose.
he fled into exile in august, effectively ending the war.
football and the garden of eden?
the longer they wait, the more the raft gains speed.
car sales are down.
third, financial speculation should be limited as well.
incentive structures that encourage excess risk-taking remain virtually unchanged.
rather, trump’s modus operandi is revanchism.
the advice sounds too schoolmarmish.
governments certainly have an important part to play.
china recovered $56 billion between 1989 and 1991.
such policies still make sense.
the similarities, however, are more important than the differences.
only then can we determine whether inequality is inhibiting growth.
his crimes would neither be forgiven nor forgotten.
but matters are little better in europe.
governments all over the world try to encourage economic growth.
some inflows are always welcome.
but there are limits to this.
germany, unlike spain, is organized as a federation.
instead, he is seeking to project power farther afield.
how to avoid it?
but it gets worse.
such unions are common in anglo-saxon countries.
but it hardly ever translates into local ownership.
women and the world economy
but appearances can be deceiving.
regulation is at best a partial remedy for such problems.
that sounds fine, but what, realistically, are the choices?
america’s economy today risks stall speed.
we cubans remain, in charge of keeping the flame alive.
it remains a good idea today.
the time has really come for a reality check.
and then the government waits for foreign investment to arrive.
it is time to come together and use them.
it doesn’t seem to be helping.
now it is five times higher.
are they enthusiastic simply because he opposes the us?
kennedy was assassinated in dallas, texas.
is canceling brexit now inevitable?
it must also encourage governments to build flexible power grids.
nye, huge reserves of soft power.
let us consider some details.
so a stimulus will boost both output and employment.
the answer, surely, is work-sharing.
improved regulatory conditions for long-term investments and savings would help.
to facilitate hers commute, she received a free bicycle.
the question is what to do now.
and they produce more equitable societies.
not long after, mai became pregnant.
but there is reason for hope.
failure to do so leaves everyone weak and vulnerable.
life expectancy has increased.
it feels unstable.
unfortunately, ominous signs are pointing in the wrong direction.
in his book profiles in courage, john f.
the policy instruments no longer work.
europe still represents a quarter of the world’s economy.
but previous greek governments egregiously violated those limits.
boy, were they disappointed.
there are of course no guarantees that it will work.
this strategic condition is here to stay.
specialized online job-search sites are facilitating employment.
one such innovation is autonomous driving.
the lemons squeeze out the oranges.
each time, the vetting essentially started from scratch.
but as societies get richer, people can afford cleaner technology.
but the threat posed by russia extends far beyond ukraine.
china would oppose this idea to the bitter end.
this is true regardless of why women migrate.
beyond these, the creditors would have to beware.
fully implementing the asean economic community will be key.
he says that the snow and ice have been melting.
enough said, europe.
we cheer them on.
consider the us department of agriculture’s food and nutrition service.
both narratives are understandable.
in the meantime, let’s hope that messrs.
the situation is particularly dire for the rohingya.
what this alternative will be, however, remains largely unknowable.
but it really happened, if not in precisely those words.
can this time be different?
in fact, the reserve primary fund did not lose everything.
overwhelmingly, they want simple democracy and economic self-determination.
that should come as no surprise.
consumers try to anticipate the next technological fad.
hong kong – the recent death of ronald h.
the party’s success is a disgrace for germany.
ludwigshafen,germany – the chemical industry is committed to sustainable consumption.
instead, the us has relied on rhetoric or symbolic actions.
now consider an alternative method.
american households are saving again.
smart power is needed to defeat terrorism.
can such russian behavior be deterred in the future?
the exotica do not end there.
all this underscores the need for further study.
how slow will china go?
but not everyone is ignoring the writing on the wall.
finally, csr can be simply a matter of advertising.
nigeria has never held successful civilian-run elections.
each of these incidents deserves thoughtful analysis.
too many people remember what happened.
she was no longer a pariah, but an eccentric partner.
saif never followed up; nor did i.
that is where the g-8 should come in.
so the debate about unilateralism vs.
multilateralism has been greatly oversimplified.
the us will also need diplomacy.
being positive about europe comes at a cost.
when will it be too late to sound the alarm?
we also need to restore basic order in iraq.
the most serious problems right now are in europe.
that imperative transcends energy.
even tony blair is struggling to hold on.
the results were predictable.
china has invented its own economic rules.
and his white house has no coherent decision-making process.
the queen proposes, they discuss.
substitutes should be found.
well, now europe has found one.
this response has left many in india scratching their heads.
the situation with johnson may be similar.
inequality is surging, especially in the advanced economies.
germany’s experience after world war ii provides another telling example.
two clearly defined gaps stand out as causes of discord.
can energy be governed?
putin acts according to hers convictions.
once again, she accused opposition parties of treason.
more are needed, especially in the car and south sudan.
ben ali’s regime ultimately became a pure dictatorship.
research is another area at risk.
will it do so again?
people vote with their wallets.
military control over the civilian government had been ended.
unfortunately, there is scant support for this idea.
china is, in this sense, north korea’s over-exposed banker.
saddam's stalingrad strategy
first, product-market reform cannot be delayed.
but it is not enough.
reactions differ across countries, of course.
people’s opportunities are being stolen from them.
male circumcision and polygamy are banned, and muslims accept this.
instead, a regional approach was and is needed.
chancellor schröder knows this.
paris – these are hard times for international cooperation.
indeed, his terrorism was perceived as a prelude to it.
home is a private possession.
but this attachment goes deeper than you think.
instead, the war ground to a bloody stalemate.
but volatility has risen, as has cross-market contagion.
so: we are not becoming americanized.
if you are not innumerate, you can start a business.
today, it is the turn of molecular genetics.
two forces are shaping this debate.
but the facts are irrelevant.
france and germany are pursuing modest but nonetheless courageous reforms.
it helps to foster innovation and boost research and development.
there are three major problems with the american demands.
mckinnon has a particularly strong following among chinese economists.
chants of “islamiyya, islamiyya” (islamic, islamic) were enough.
those doubts have now been laid to rest.
but it did happen.
but it is clearly wrong.
now, china is backing off.
third, imperialism is costly.
this divergence is also playing out within the eurozone.
unemployment, inequality, poverty, and the national debt had all risen.
peace is possible in afghanistan.
second, the road map marks a sensible balance of considerations.
argentina’s experience holds two crucial lessons for other countries.
but a middle class it is.
the challenges are immense.
official corruption escalated.
here, everyone needs to tread with care.
that, in turn, will revive concerns about us growth.
as for the european union, the response has been chaotic.
for oil producers, though, the risks are rising.
that vision, however remote, is much safer in monti’s hands.
we tried our own version of french central planning.
the dialogue was not exactly an edifying success, however.
some, if not most, politicians are suspected of corruption.
but india’s most important partnership remains that with the us.
its enduring influence will depend on two factors.
nothing came of this.
citizens nowadays refuse to be mere consumers of public policies.
could berlusconi end up being italy’s political savior?
a hacker’s market?
other trends are boosting china’s prospects further.
two points stand out from this analysis:
take ‘aggression’.
the great recession had shown their vulnerability.
it needs only one gang of politicians.
this is just the beginning.
but reform momentum is tugging in two, quite opposite, directions.
existing high-cost producers, especially entrenched monopolists, resist.
taking safety littorally
is the continent superior in job satisfaction?
circuses are even worse places for animals.
what went wrong?
the global economy has not descended into a protectionist spiral.
this is not to say that nothing can be done.
statistically, that is a known association.
repentance is not a sign of weakness.
a recent example is albania.
both possess market economies.
vivax, and t.
global debates about population policy are confusing.
what should be done?
this divide is more circumstantial than essential.
a regulatory race to the bottom?
paris: the 1990s have been europe’s janus decade.
rarely has a french election had such repercussions in europe.
the 60-year itch?
most experts, however, find that rationale dubious.
there are more extreme cases than that of poland.
but reference to “talks” makes the west uncomfortable.
but not everyone was convinced.
this tactic is not exclusive to isis.
we should heed hers wisdom.
perhaps it is deflation.
unfortunately, these rights are often violated.
china is dangerously near a crisis point.
could china turn inward?
but longer-term secular factors also play a role.
at the end of his struggle, nikolai's life is ruined.
why is china booming?
but lee’s stellar reputation has to do with culture, too.
by itself, rousseff’s likely impeachment will solve nothing.
but ever since george w.
the benefits of peace, for both sides, would be enormous.
democracy is, after all, more than mere voting.
some of the work was meticulous and commendable.
and the similarities do not end there.
to begin with, there is the issue of cost effectiveness.
visit the place, however, and you find a thriving country.
that is scarcely a logical reason to leave the eu.
many will ask what made havel exceptional.
but there were, in fact, deep tax cuts.
us industry grew behind tariff walls.
restructuring and trade overlap.
why are its benefits seemingly concentrated in a few locations?
now comes “conquer,” through the dismantling of democracy’s institutional underpinnings.
after 1918, nostalgia for the old empire surged.
but american voters aren’t cooperating.
agriculture and urbanization subsequently exposed us to yet more pathogens.
in 2018 alone, 600,000 russian companies shuttered their operations.
these shifts have important implications for global labor supply.
that makes a total of $70 per family.
the first concerns trump’s principal objective, which remains unclear.
this has created a dangerous asymmetry.
trade is also an engine of political and economic reform.
but progress has not been evenly distributed across africa.
sadly, this is not true in many other places.
and climate change, in turn, affects food systems and diets.
history, too, has played a role.
her government actually tightened the budget just before new year.
but this job is not yet complete.
and when credit is scarce, recoveries are inevitably slow.
that is what abe’s new growth strategy aims to achieve.
the trump boom?
democratic politics often drives the demand for such regulation.
since last year, prices have declined in the us.
a worldwide common concern: the prospect of an iraq war.
critics scoff that local communist party officials manipulate these elections.
minor technical issues could easily be ironed out.
enlargement is the geo-strategic choice of a generation.
there is plenty of room for further sustainable growth.
here is why.
which resources will produce power?
it keeps over half the population from going hungry.
i asked whether this would really work.
some countries try to fight against this vicious circle.
is america ready for a welfare state?
chile is well known for an investment-based pension system.
that is what happened in gauck’s election.
the third trend reshaping labor markets is rapid technological change.
this shifted demand away from imports toward domestically produced goods.
the obvious answer is the international monetary fund.
presidents ronald reagan, george h.w.
japan is an obvious case in point.
the first george w.
the situation in the global banking sector is especially alarming.
neither china nor anyone else was found guilty this time.
they also aspire to increase the continent’s strategic power.
can we regulate systemic risk?
that guarantee has insured investors against their biggest risk.
but this logic should not be exaggerated.
of thirty-eight officers elevated to general's rank by mr.
fahim, thirty-seven are tajiks, the other being uzbek.
four issues provide the opportunity to do so.
plebiscitary governance has little to recommend it.
fortunately, international human-rights bodies are taking notice of the gap.
that does not happen today.
so far so good.
in the abstract, these are reasonable guidelines.
0.3
unsurprisingly, investment and job creation are suffering.
guide your children’s tastes.
for decades, the tobacco industry manufactured more than just cigarettes.
first, mining needs an innovation overhaul.
but neither denial nor complacency will break the political impasse.
yet the response in terms of exports has been disappointing.
and the damage was irreversible.
but why is the german surplus too high?
we have seen it in great britain and the us.
but that is what him arguments imply.
but that would be too radical an approach.
and yet renewed war in sudan is not inevitable.
she is, as one american commentator calls him, the one.
but do these new rules really matter?
biodiversity is essential for reliable and stable long-term food production.
the pad wants to maintain the 2007 charter.
if only the international community shared that view.
the solution is not.
the eu deserves some credit for this outcome.
today’s market leaders may look invincible.
there is nothing sacrosanct about culture anyway.
but trump regards such questions as essentially moot.
that is one reason why action is urgently needed.
the risks extend beyond new arrivals.
there must be a better way.
adamowicz was everything that the pis is not.
the contrast with deng is even sharper.
others, like me, argue that we must not lose faith.
can we do this?
but why now?
the question is what their next step will be.
the role of government is crucial.
the mdgs saved at least 21 million lives.
so america remains the world economy's last best hope.
on this front, there is much to be done.
but word play will get india nowhere.
some banks may even prefer these flows to direct deposits.
russia, under vladimir putin’s third presidency, has made its choice.
in international public-health circles, there was great excitement.
the global gag rule is not new.
that is true whether an illusion is cognitive or political.
germany is too big to abstain from leadership in europe.
the country certainly needs comprehensive reforms.
castro believes in giving farm workers greater incentives.
if elected, park will become south korea’s first female president.
fortunately, there is a way to end this vicious cycle.
in any case, they are taking no chances.
this stance rules out continued membership in the single market.
democracy in latin america has been a hard-won struggle.
the first is to play to trump’s political base.
is there a way to weaken this opposition?
president george w.
a closed society will eventually return to a closed economy.
saudi arabia has faced no diplomatic penalty for such behavior.
even worse, it terrifies our kids.
non-oil commodity prices have risen precipitously in the last decade.
reported instances of hate crime have risen sharply.
there is a lesson to be drawn from these experiences.
one proclaimed "solidarity with zimbabwe...
building effective institutions is equally important.
but of course that is not the case.
and what a bet it was.
yes, it might.
they were fools more than knaves.
but others insist that there is nothing new here.
all european leaders quail before it.
but ukraine has changed dramatically since the orange revolution.
london – the internet currency bitcoin is surrounded by uncertainty.
but having your own local gates is much more compelling.
his huge wealth was the collateral for his honesty.
but so can enlightened self-interest.
but this excess growth has not been evenly spread.
achieving it requires deliberate and directed organizational change.
but both are nonetheless getting hammered in financial markets.
a dollar was worth 200 yen in 1980.
the american media have not emerged unscathed.
people’s objectives are revealed only by observing their economic activities.
the ecb song contest?
these regions are trapped in poverty.
the world is rife with disparities.
of course, this will not be easy.
syria may pay a heavy price for that ambiguity.
israelis have become used to blanket accusations.
but allowing for this would make little difference.
nobody would dare offer that same advice today.
destructive strategies may not be far behind.
by contrast, chile’s export basket has remained unchanged.
i once asked nanny: “do you believe in god?
few developing countries are seriously engaged in fighting poverty.
it is extremely vulnerable to high oil and food prices.
washington, dc – gold is rare.
unsurprisingly, this hostility is creating many victims.
we would all be worse off.
isn't this good?
then it will be up to governments to act.
was he a democrat or a despot?
for that, us government efforts deserve credit.
rato is a lawyer by training and has an mba.
because share prices, therefore, cannot possibly affect the macro-economy, mrs.
but turkey’s kurdish problem cannot be solved by military means.
changing workplace culture will demand similarly strong leadership.
reality is whatever makes the leader look good.
each time, he moves a little closer toward death.
africa have shown encouraging progress.
demography is not an exact science.
but such views are as inaccurate as they are self-serving.
globalization has made frontiers more porous.
that’s hardball politics, not a declaration of war.
related to this are rewards.
in rural areas, some families have returned to subsistence agriculture.
but china should at least stop increasing its holdings.
change cannot occur overnight.
and they have needlessly burdened their economy.
egypt’s relationship with the imf has long been rocky.
confused, schabowski neglected the all-important date: “sofort,” he said.
loss of economic “confidence” is one possible cause.
yet the ebrd does more than make much-needed loans.
for companies facing skills shortages, this should be particularly tempting.
first, we need to measure and price what matters.
any thought of concession or compromise is gravely mistaken.
sadly, history may be about to repeat itself.
migrants rejuvenate aging societies and create much-needed economic activity.
instead, these countries should be included in the negotiation process.
that is higher than the country’s annual per capita gdp.
she was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
people will continue to trade leisure for higher incomes.
thus, indian nationalists allowed the soldiers’ heroism to be forgotten.
biology is infinitely more complex.
ukraine holds a lesson here as well.
this colors their attitudes.
the dutch harp on this point, but they are right.
this has serious implications for the rest of asia.
on this point, greece and the imf agree.
what, then, is the truth about venezuela?
one weakness lies in the storage and delivery of vaccines.
security guarantees for israel.
the same dynamic applies to voting.
so, why did it happen?
don’t blame berlusconi; blame the italians – and their ancestors.
sometimes there is no success like failure.
a normal economic cycle lasts 5-7 years.
there are efficiency issues; but there are also distributional concerns.
one might reasonably ask, what is wrong with the dollar.
the first divide would emerge at the company level.
depression is often precipitated by stressful experiences.
first came the greek crisis, followed by the greek bailout.
here, however, the commission competes with national bureaucracies.
indeed, jang sung-taek’s promotion to general was her decision.
here, too, the eu could help this process along.
this was the case in the 1970’s, but no more.
steps are being taken to help these countries succeed.
she never made it.
residual mistrust persists.
but the enemy cannot win militarily.
how the united states copes is a different matter altogether.
developments since then have been consistent with this characterization.
· improvements in nuclear weapons by some nuclear weapon states.
the second milestone is a better global financial system.
china’s achievements are undeniable.
this would provide strong protection against moral hazard.
iranians expect to perform on par with china and india.
there would have been no high, but also no hangover.
expectations of economic improvement are extremely high.
more voices and interests need to be accommodated.
but could she possibly be right?
not everyone will embrace such instruments.
london – the european union stands at a crossroads.
enlightened politicians should appeal to older voters’ sense of fairness.
indeed, many chinese officials privately laugh at mrs.
indeed, a large financial actor can play a stabilizing role.
i am determined that britain will not be left behind.
he got his forecast wrong.
fortunately, creating inflation is not rocket science.
in reality, the crisis has merely become less visible.
but why does this seem so surprising?
growth based on high leverage typically proves to be illusory.
but are they?
but how “correct” was mao?
this is one of those times.
no surprise, then, that the public erupted in anger.
“inflation is always and everywhere a monetary phenomenon”.
each time, hers performance was flat.
moreover, every idea-trader should adhere to these principles.
indeed, in some ways it is a step backwards.
the very notions of trust and progress vanish.
momentum is growing.
in july 1997, the thai baht plummeted.
the change in bangladesh is stark.
clearly, many old financing institutions are compromised.
why is immigration different from trade?
what’s troubling india?
but in 2014, market forces changed direction.
moderates are repeatedly made to look weak, naïve, and idealistic.
rising uncertainties in the u.s.
referenda, in particular, can carry serious risks.
currently such molecules are given by injection.
so what can be done?
with iran, the stakes are, and always have been, higher.
second, creditors may retaliate by withdrawing subsequent lending.
greek debt amounts to less than 2% of european gdp.
examples of the benefits of deregulation abound.
ethiopia is seeking to move to lower-carbon farming.
more recently, george w.
it is radically realistic.
these twin benefits complement the scale advantages of free-trade areas.
this must not happen again.
sakr appealed the decision from somalia, where she was living.
nevertheless, the question remains: what happened to the islamists?
the voters appear to be onto something important.
the same fixed-supply problem applies to all tourist hotspots.
paper, for example, typically comes from sustainable forests, not rainforests.
the more immediate issue for scots is money.
fiscal austerity was supposed to restore confidence.
until recently, banks could offer only simple savings accounts.
there is no direct rail link between zagreb and belgrade.
exaggerated claims merely fuel public distrust and disengagement.
winning re-election to lead the un is no straightforward matter.
the euro was not created for purely economic reasons.
a global solutions network
· food.
but now the rate has slowed considerably.
liberal democracy in retreat?
is the eu paralyzing itself?
and, whatever hers motive, macron’s message is sound.
this would shatter europe.
western governments’ concerns about huawei are real.
in any case, maduro has not taken obama’s affront lightly.
the arab world should take note.
will an oil-price recovery reverse this trend?
with the smartphone came all kinds of new possibilities.
try doing that with google.
nor was it a one-off event.
for example, sayyid imam al-sharif (a.k.a.
but that is not the whole story.
curie faced immense gender barriers during him career.
none of this guarantees success.
macron’s rhetoric suggests that she wants to fight these symptoms.
open hearings would be a step in the right direction.
it’s power politics over fact-based policymaking.
the age profiles of our societies are changing dramatically.
prague - what does the term “the west” mean?
it is certainly not an either/or proposition.
munich – the world’s worst post-war financial crisis is over.
rescuing nuclear non-proliferation
successful governance brings purposeful change.
visa policy will be a big part of the solution.
some argued the same after wwii.
but the question is: when and how?
shouldn’t that be a higher priority?
italy finds itself in a similar predicament.
italy will ignore this at its peril.
leave north korea alone
but he faces an uphill battle.
growth creates jobs, and jobs reduce poverty.
unfortunately, european leaders rarely follow through on their best-laid plans.
but i have serious concerns about the new report’s conclusions.
similar approaches could be used elsewhere.
no one knows how long xi will remain in office.
what comes next is anyone’s guess.
trump has once again painted herself into a corner.
let us now look forward towards the future.
who will decide on the weights?
violence is all that is left.
the luddites are among the most misunderstood historical actors.
the world is watching what will happen next.
“we never saw it coming,” they confessed.
the main glitch in this scenario, however, is lewites.
but kosovo’s government also has an interest in a settlement.
bush's meetings with europe's leaders proceeded so smoothly.
a few years ago, india could do no wrong.
groucho posed two insuperable problems for the “whateverists” of communism.
but one aspect of this shining story is tarnished.
since then, they have looked far less safe.
will the venezuelan case be different?
yet wto rules have their flaws.
princeton – when is it legitimate to lie?
it’s a vicious circle, technically known as a poverty trap.
russia achieved a good measure of financial stability as well.
why is this so?
in libya, col.
neither will fiddling with the rules.
so, too, with religious values.
but the theory has been overextended.
why is this?
and so she did.
new york – fortune has not been kind to haiti.
there may be a legal rationale for this neo-imperial elitism.
but religion does not operate in a vacuum.
economists puzzle over why.
this is no time for european disunion.
let us start with george w.
the economic threat could be the least of europe’s worries.
but many of the leading players are missing in distraction.
are europe’s populists calling the shots?
industrial production, moreover, has plunged by a staggering 24%.
where will genetic knowledge lead us?
each of us carries this potential for rot.
but this provision applies primarily to cases of electoral fraud.
that strategy has largely worked.
in 1795, however, liberal republics were abstract ideas.
post-revolutionary periods, however, allow for more variety.
france must be the model of an alternative!
ibn khaldun said the same thing.
she was right then, and she is still right today.
the gap between us rhetoric and policies has widened.
fortunately, that seems unlikely.
but how much higher?
foremost among these, perhaps, is the union's open character.
the g8 drifted along as a mere caucus.
to be sure, the challenge is hardly unique to europe.
but xi’s nationalism, too, has a history.
secretaries, for example, are replaced by voice mail and faxes.
what exactly did the us do in asia?
so far, things are not going quite as planned.
the benefits of driving moderately fast vastly outweigh the costs.
the third problem stems from cumbersome national regulatory processes.
we have heard many such stories in recent days.
why was shiller wrong?
today, the eu is dancing to fidel’s tune.
he needs to be.
thatcherism has probably made the british economy more efficient.
global meat consumption is predicted to double by 2020.
biodiversity and climatic stability are global public goods.
and the official answer is probably wrong.
but all of this will undoubtedly come at a price.
when debt is unsustainable, there are several possible negotiating outcomes.
should bold ideas drown out old ideas?
they are swimming in the last-chance lagoon.
the international community can urge the palestinians toward a decision.
it is up to europe to strike the deal.
this will kick the can even further down the road.
they held that french-style secularism had perverted turkish culture.
much wealth has been blown up.
in keeping with his shadowy kgb background, very little.
each side will argue its own version.
in the 1980s, japan’s economy could do no wrong.
violence is a preventable epidemic.
simple propaganda lacks credibility and thus is counterproductive.
the same goes for writers.
that may be about to change.
africa can turn the corner on youth employment.
but bandera’s women were nationalists with no allies.
transparency and confidence-building measures can help.
president george w.
europe’s richest countries in terms of per capita purchasing power.
double standards and inconsistency inevitably weaken the rule of law.
the vanishing arctic sea ice also affects the atmosphere.
(more recently, she finally voiced support for the clause).
europe deserves better, too.
nature underlined the importance of the message.
nonetheless, because of oil, they retained us support.
the problem is real, though exaggerated.
some us regulators are pushing in this direction.
there are no easy answers.
should i have refused to read a pirated book?
but in china, when mistakes are made, adjustments follow.
can service be as dynamic as manufacturing?
moreover, the downgrading of growth prospects is remarkably widespread.
moreover, both senator reed smoot and representative willis c.
none of this is inevitable.
if anything, may could fall victim to her own opportunism.
that sounds like what really happened in the us.
so, how will northern europe’s “investors’ strike” end?
japanese shares are worth half their 1990 prices.
afghanistan and pakistan are at loggerheads.
doing so is likely to be a generational challenge.
today, this sinister practice seems to be making a comeback.
and this will create a virtuous cycle.
either one involves risk-sharing among eurozone members.
chinese history seems frozen at that date.
all of this is causing distress, consternation, and confusion.
there are risks that he will make policy mistakes.
but most policy choices cause someone to lose something.
getting rich was what the “new economy” was all about.
perhaps this particular attack can be justified on those grounds.
but reality is more complicated than fiction.
certainly, no one can criticize northern europe for exchange-rate undervaluation.
referenda are for the most part snapshots.
and most people are still employed by the state.
so is the consensus rule.
the few rich haitians distrust aristide.
i was wrong.
fiscal repair is also essential.
but this involves a self-fulfilling prophecy.
the problem is worse in most other countries.
her powerful myth made her a sort of primal woman.
she should leave it there permanently.
the external aspect is crucial.
the simple fact is that with interconnectedness comes interdependence.
it should be left to run its course.
the eurozone should solidify its currency union.
the idea is basic and well known.
giving lectures about fiscal prudence is beside the point.
even the current account showed a deficit in january.
but can hamas find a basis for negotiations with israel?
cuba was one of the imf’s 40 original members.
but these messages need to be matched by others.
it will lead into a dead end.
in the early 2000s, another republican president, george w.
is europe on a cross of gold?
today, none of these aims appears secure.
skepticism neglects the power of shared sovereignty on key issues.
i then repeated the experiment using various threshold values.
the situation today couldn’t be more different.
this change is long overdue.
“our defeat is total,” she told them.
this dilemma is not altogether new.
will it choose a forward-looking, market-driven path?
nor is it a us state.
development is about change, but repression prevents change.
to do that, resources much be used efficiently.
these provisions were then included in colonial penal codes.
brazil is wracked by corruption scandals and stagnating output.
and many more women are clamoring to participate.
erdoğan was initially a heroine to those same crowds.
in short, there is a pattern here.
nevertheless, hugo chávez is right to be nervous.
the answer may be under our feet.
but as nations united, the united nations can.
of course, that issue is completely outside israel’s control.
in 2009, i heard one such story in tanzania.
jerusalem – what happens in jerusalem rarely stays in jerusalem.
the rest of europe is equally enthusiastic.
she hasn’t embarrassed the country.
on balance, however, the advantages far outweigh the risks.
you tell him to turn up the water pressure instead.
charisma is more easily identified after the fact.
but such an outcome remains in doubt.
zero, none, nada.
b) xyz corporation.
that has also changed.
unfortunately, credible action is not the morales government’s strong suit.
the weak retain no recourse.
back then, i thought: what monster could do such things?
in relative terms, rich countries got even richer.
the police were slow to arrive.
on economic policy, many reasonable disagreements rule out consensus.
the smile was rare and constrained.
palestinian politics is approaching the point of no return.
the champagne corks were popped prematurely in 1989.
yet the eu holds back.
yet their protagonists see no problems to address.
in europe, it increased over the course of the year.
much of western europe was rubble.
so, how seriously should analysts take the term bric?
neither scenario would be appealing.
but how will north korea react to being militarily decapitated?
the logic sounds like the american case of 1931.
they’re the ones that most severely need the banks.
changes in china’s financial conditions reinforce this view.
scott, therefore, had no standing to sue in federal court.
despite russia’s weak alliances, putin seems undeterred.
the problem is a challenge especially for europe.
fortunately, no one was killed during those protests.
but it is what asia wants to hear.
only a workaholic would prefer the first solution.
most illicit coca growers are extremely poor.
and so it did.
germany’s banks are leveraged at 32 times their assets.
others believed that they should do or die.
but her commitment to helping to vaccinate kids never wavered.
not long ago, airline check-in clerks wrote out boarding passes.
it cannot exist as an island of tranquility.
at 81, he incarnates an aging and increasingly cynical italy.
after an uproar, he took that back, although only partly.
economic and political fluctuations are not unusual.
for more information about the event, go here.
but several obstacles stand in the way.
as a result, the station’s future looks bleak.
it came from the military.
neither definition applies in the case of catalonia or scotland.
moreover, zuma is weakened but not gone.
but having such a problem would be a luxury.
she doesn’t seem to care about making money for himself.
pseudonyms are for fiction writers.
belarus is different.
but much like abdel-jalil, jibril proved unable to make decisions.
everyone points to facebook and its russian analogue, v kontakte.
many of america's problems are made in the usa.
the haitian miracle?
in this, they have more or less followed public opinion.
but that is not an option.
but arms-control skeptics take issue with this.
why is bangladesh booming?
it also benefits from a highly educated diaspora.
this is particularly true of the eurozone.
better social services, including education.
whither the strong dollar?
the opposition comprises factions dependent on foreign sponsors.
yet few of us know this.
there are no obvious models to draw on.
when everyone raises trade barriers, the volume of trade collapses.
schumer visibly struggled not to laugh at trump’s monumental blunder.
according to recent data prepared by the investment bank j.
but no bold play is ever a sure thing.
germany’s enormous current-account surplus aggravates their problems further.
they perform worse in school and lead poorer adult lives.
the first is service-sector upgrades.
and it is very good news.
thais were more like obedient subjects than informed citizens.
now this process has gone into reverse.
most are anti-umno and support the pas.
the european union and eurozone leaders have seriously discredited themselves.
so, what is the real german strategy?
what was unusual about bo was his open ambition.
of course, there is no theoretical limit on divergence.
in fact, it already is happening.
the roma must also be able to find employment.
but what takes its place?
global warming is by no means our main environmental threat.
the question is whether leaders will do what is needed.
the deletion of these words has very real consequences.
today’s elites should take note.
this also applies to germany.
there are now calls for improved tsunami early warning systems.
sunday’s election was a coronation rather than a competition.
but protectionism cannot compensate for the effects of automation.
of course, the same now applies to many republicans.
thirty countries sent delegations.
we can remain both ambitious and realistic.
in fact, both sides are right.
nothing is pre-determined; but the parallel is striking.
since then, tokenism has replaced leadership.
but what, specifically, will he do to prevent it?
djindjic remained pragmatic, never doctrinaire.
this rebalancing has helped to improve china’s income distribution.
there is more than a little irony here.
this turned the us into a huge debtor.
if the boat springs a leak, everyone sinks.
their leaders’ personal ties do matter.
doing so would benefit the entire region.
i was stunned.
in fact, the dynamics of sanctions are more nuanced.
in fact, this is precisely what china is experiencing.
the prospects of a stable future look increasingly dim.
demonstrations and meetings were organized.
india’s stance must be particularly troubling for trump.
general dwight d.
the facts, which are gradually emerging, are damning enough.
for me the answer is to be found in turkey.
the first is the potential of innovation to improve welfare.
translating these concepts into operational arms-control limits has proven challenging.
ukraine is on the financial precipice.
in the debate, the issue seemed to weigh him down.
to be sure, the current system is broken.
they do not, on the whole, advocate violence.
don't ask what ingredients are used in making those dishes.
blair still does.
can this dangerous trend be reversed?
second, adjustment fatigue is widespread and becoming more acute.
if more evidence emerges, democratic prudence councils a complete recount.
naïve outsiders found the world of contemporary art bewildering.
ukraine is unraveling.
but scattered moves in the right direction will not suffice.
in reality, the uk didn’t shrink its health budget.
but the truth is that he is absolutely right.
the us is still a long way from that goal.
in most cases, the answer will be other emerging economies.
will the iraq war kill globalization?
the most talked-about process takes inspiration from nature.
but striking the proper balance is challenging.
the french readily accept this.
but he was not alone.
meanwhile, drug trafficking grows and diversifies, despite more police.
but, in august 1991, ordinary muscovites stood their ground.
but domestic politics in both countries stand in the way.
shifts to more energy-efficient means of transportation ease congestion.
the mszp kept its promises.
they are repulsed by it.
indeed, the prominence of corporatism in catholic education is remarkable.
the same is true of world affairs.
so far, the results are encouraging.
enlightenment can surely take time, as it did for reagan.
who should deliver it?
today, it appears, there is nothing left of franco-american goodwill.
they argued that integration into world markets demanded macroeconomic stability.
investment is also critically important in education.
this typically happens when the government runs a primary surplus.
indeed, argentina's case is pathetic.
things are only going to get worse.
climate change creates real and pervasive risks.
women also play a somewhat greater role.
it can still be toxic.
when will tech disrupt higher education?
this is not simply a question of basic fairness.
armed opposition is spreading, albeit slowly.
the german chancellor has been lucky.
that may sound absurd.
such disdainful communication further reduces trust.
it’s payback time.
the stakes could hardly be higher.
but, like executive stress, this phenomenon was a phantom.
the evidence is overwhelming.
musharraf’s response was interesting.
as a political matter, i oppose the settlements.
the world’s most profitable companies are not exploiting bolivia.
but we can’t do everything.
this will not make the ongoing brexit talks any easier.
the us, for its part, should consider the chinese perspective.
the facts have shown the opposite to be true.
the debt might even end up being restructured.
for trump, however, that may not be the point.
brussels – another key european project is under threat.
but that was not the route skidelsky took.
aid for health has worked.
the number of pan-european scholarships should be doubled.
and she is meant to serve a specific purpose.
once again, the intelligence is at best fuzzy.
the moment to act is now.
but that is about to change.
once in power, they simply make for bad government.
other countries have done so.
this approach is as costly as it is regrettable.
indeed, the religiosity of china is worth reflecting on.
there were pledges of political integration based on shared values.
in 2015, the total is expected to reach 1.5 million.
do they also threaten national security?
here, too, the friedmans’ hopes have been disappointed.
it is a call that the world must heed.
the united states is not alone.
the future, it seemed, belonged to global governance.
people with assets have got richer.
and its economy seems increasingly sluggish.
in the wake of this, development policies changed.
but can he lead?
eventually, supply constraints will be reached, and inflation will return.
public investment financed by omf might be an option.
as for the democrats, sanders inveighs against free trade.
ships were heaved onto hills, and cars floated like boats.
instead, they expect to find it by looking inward.
unfortunately, this is a winning strategy.
new york also has its kgb bar.
she was right to do so.
ireland has a banking problem.
there are two ideologies of the "new" postcommunist right.
the biggest challenge is public perception.
spain’s government, for its part, remains weak.
consider the saudi campaign in yemen.
mulvaney and hers colleagues could not care less.
that commitment implies a “weird way of being,” gawande continued.
money, however, is not the only need.
entrepreneurship should be encouraged as well.
fossil fuel energy is expensive and contributes to climate change.
but friedman also produced a less felicitous legacy.
nearly all countries now officially support family planning.
indeed, i know that i have been incredibly blessed.
but that would be far preferable to another devastating crisis.
today, this is no longer possible.
this led to a very sharp adjustment in domestic consumption.
as european growth slows, so will inflationary pressures.
but we are not in a roman circus.
here, too, the opportunities for visionary entrepreneurs are huge.
two conflicting needs assail the middle east.
first, they were competitive.
there was a time when misbehavior was dealt with firmly.
these gains are now at risk.
domestic chinese firms, too, need to respond to these pressures.
but where will it come from?
depositors are paid almost nothing on their deposits.
women are not taking it lying down.
here matters can surely rest.
consider saudi arabia’s actions there.
second, all eurozone countries are effectively in the same boat.
perhaps this has always been so.
thus, russians trade oil for the products of knowledge.
both parties are campaigning on an anti-euro, protectionist platform.
five core ingredients are required.
but that megalomaniac position was quickly reversed.
but a fiscal crisis calls for political self-restraint.
time constraints are not an issue.
so caution is fully justified.
how fair is that comparison?
but even here, educational outcomes are disappointing.
she was both idealist and pragmatist.
but this may not necessarily be bad news.
nato expansion is off the table.
europe’s finance ministers portray the ecb as closed to dialogue.
now memories of kris remain alive and accessible from anywhere.
the same cannot be said for japan.
athens – discontent without end looms over britain.
it may have inserted computer worms into iran’s atomic infrastructure.
the question is: what comes next?
hungary, of course, had its short and glorious revolution.
forty-five people were hospitalized, with one in critical condition.
the potential was alluring, but also terrifying.
now this liberal narrative is breaking down.
so it had to create something else to sell.
many of these “pocket multinationals” have invested in china.
africa has witnessed some remarkable technological leaps.
daskaa 2.0 goes further in this regard.
if brown offers more of the same, he will lose.
so, too, family members staying home who receive money transfers.
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for his policies.
they could have spent €1 billion to save lives.
many didn’t even speak english.
begum reportedly plans to appeal the decision.
but consider events elsewhere.
yet the medium-term scenario is unlikely to be global stagnation.
but the european pole’s power of attraction is waning.
never been closer since the maastricht treaty was signed.
policies aimed at sustainability are likely to follow.
in october 2013, cyclone phailin struck india’s odisha coastline.
so what will happen?
russia has staged a modest recovery from the recession.
but there is one exception: financial services.
yes, it is vitally important for all our futures.
better nutrition and greater access to education will help.
we cannot break that dependence overnight.
once the discovery is made, it would be licensed.
this capital flight is striking.
merkel followed those words with action.
there are lessons here for regulators.
we need a new deal for trade.
it is their home.
the current european crisis is a case in point.
the japanese government had just sent troops into manchuria.
there will be an international market for all three.
we want these wrongdoers to suffer.
first, it is crucial to make a rational threat assessment.
it didn’t, because the pieces just were not there.
the power to achieve democratic change is in our hands.
we have a $12-trillion incentive to accelerate progress.
enlargement's political downside is another matter.
trump has changed the world, permanently, for the worse.
defaults proliferate and the volume of nonperforming loans rises.
is realism trumping populism?
yet china is nowhere near the technological frontier.
she insisted on a formal process.
the pope said that it was.
new book, old tune.
finally, africa’s income distribution must become more equitable.
i have six brothers and three sisters.
it can also result in a misallocation of labor.
except dmitriy rogozin.
but how is this to happen?
in america, the venality is at a higher level.
forestry has always been a problem in afghanistan.
normally, revolutions are followed by dangerous times.
so far it has offered precious few answers.
it thereby diverts policymakers’ attention from the main issues.
russia hits the reset button
better make it $97.
nonetheless, there is reason for hope.
certainly, high-saving asian economies can participate in external financial-bailout packages.
it is time for a tour d’horizon from obama.
many of those present hoped for both.
and it collects extremely high import duties for agricultural products.
economic pressures are another potent force for migration.
simply put, bribing pakistan’s military will not work.
africa’s agricultural potential has barely been touched.
it is an intriguing idea.
the cumulative costs can be stunning.
thanks to the imf, there was no gamble at all.
nearly one year ago, president george w.
so democracy in an independent palestinian state is possible.
with that, von der leyen secured a paper-thin majority.
we are at war.
but the risk of accidents can never be entirely eliminated.
what can we do about this?
germany’s east-west political divide reflects sharp economic differences.
but this scenario is not inevitable.
attribution is, indeed, a serious problem.
this unemployment-focused mindset endures today.
finally, we need to defend the human right to food.
nato enlargement would de facto be frozen.
the polls are not reassuring.
developing countries are also at fault.
and changes will certainly be needed.
in 1963, edward r.
and that is just the first two years.
actually, we all do.
in 2001, george w.
france had to protect them.
and the plan is working.
can uribe survive his current travails?
moreover, george w.
european markets also suffered large losses.
first, vietnam is much nearer in size to north korea.
the fossil was offered to the highest bidder.
not all of these refugees will remain in europe permanently.
crucially, the agreements must have teeth.
increased interdependence would make conflict unthinkable.
but he will still plead for more time.
now, over half-a-century has elapsed.
clearly this is not about the availability of resources.
trump’s worldview is echoed by white extremists around the world.
two big policy challenges face hungary.
what kind of new global-governance institutions will emerge?
in the us, inequality is rapidly worsening.
as with perón, citizens were bribed into backing the regime.
maradona fails to understand this.
unlike diseases like ebola or zika, tb seldom makes headlines.
we need diplomacy.
the fed has understood that message.
north korea’s step too far?
bush refused to listen.
after 1989, the americanized holocaust narrative also reached hungary.
hers transactional approach could prove the key.
for me, the decisive moment was on day 11.
only other governments can do that.
it is also not very important.
spain is confronting catalan nationalism.
as a matter of principle, this distinction makes considerable sense.
unfortunately, hers approach is not.
most of the arms used were yesterday’s weapons.
smaller countries would not get the monetary stimulation they needed.
there are no easy answers.
an estimated 250 million subscribers live in sub-saharan africa alone.
indeed, collier and i are among the first british meritocrats.
but how to achieve this is another matter altogether.
moreover, the problem is not just one of public debt.
success and failure are largely determined at the national level.
men may also benefit from targeted training.
when children need help, days turn into weeks and months.
when us president george w.
paris – leave no person or country behind.
if china slips, the verdict will be very different.
national parliaments are expected to surrender their powers graciously.
villages have been emptied, men raped, non-arab men killed.
but this effort at intimidation failed, and gul won.
this by itself is a distinction without a difference.
fiscal support for the expansion will continue to be withdrawn.
it is time for men to thrive.
violence begets violence,” he memorably declared.
mass unemployment in the west will be higher, not lower.
there is no obvious substitute for such industries at home.
unfortunately, those links remain.
what about the policy record?
spain owes its political paralysis to several factors.
frustrated, the man gives in.
europe’s necessary european
that was not supposed to happen.
the consequences of these political machinations may be far-reaching.
only palestinian victims are listed.
will medvedev succeed where all others have failed?
few westerners appreciate how seriously china takes this issue.
but a credible progressive alternative has yet to take shape.
power shortages are frequent.
and it has serious consequences.
trade also reflects differences in labor costs.
it was not his most convincing moment.
terrorism is a form of theater.
but can a man act against his deepest nature?
i have proposed a detailed remedy for these problems elsewhere.
he may have been a little provocative.
the eu’s first option is to stick to its guns.
is there really a scalable, low-carbon alternative?
this is a new development.
traditional farmers are likely to view them as unfair competition.
simply put, we’re being force-fed vastly over-hyped scare stories.
for that, we should thank leaders like patricio aylwin.
some have been approved while others have not.
the end of the special relationship?
100,000 fax machines make possible ten billion different connections.
the risks are mainly on the downside.
but things aren’t quite that cut and dried.
but ncds in lmics have lately been getting more attention.
china bears need to be careful what they wish for.
add to that low unemployment, and things are looking good.
first, emerging-market hype is just that.
protective measures must remain the exception rather than the rule.
europe needs a central intelligence authority with teeth.
the development of such a workforce begins at birth.
who should hold europe’s arms?
on education, he has already won some important victories.
machines don’t dream, set goals, or plan for college.
so far, asian currency losses have been limited.
a recession is a very real possibility.
ownership, however, is only one dimension of an economic system.
so far, this problem has attracted little attention.
that conflicts with globally accepted fundamental ideas of justice.
but the damage cannot be blamed on the weather alone.
various professional groups were involved with torture practices.
some are already making their voices heard on the matter.
creditors can agree to relax greece’s fiscal targets.
iran is just emerging from a three-year internal political struggle.
today, turkmenistan refuses to cooperate with russia.
his record as a local administrator was mediocre.
but, most important, well-functioning markets require trust.
victories in such wars are always elusive.
indeed, sunnis enjoy strategic depth across the arab middle east.
the scottish question has been revived as well.
protectionism in the classical sense of the term is unlikely.
in any case, qatar isn’t saudi arabia’s real problem.
israel’s government contributed $34 million in 2013.
nor is the chinese property market about to implode.
it wants more local control.
first, governments must balance long-term goals with short-term achievements.
who could disagree with that?
the roots of the slowdown are not difficult to discern.
of course, brexit is also about migration.
these new worries are raising alarm bells in china.
so the real danger to the uk is diminished influence.
but this does not need to be the outcome.
the top suggestions are google’s own.
of course, it is not true, for three reasons.
who should safeguard financial stability?
to get there, education systems will need to change.
london -- opinions about vladimir putin run the gamut.
all of these paths remain open, but they are narrowing.
still, other new policies could prove problematic.
this applies to the world economy today.
this defiance reflects boko haram’s strong position.
germany became synonymous with aggression, terror, and genocide.
but trump and his triumvirate have misdiagnosed the problem.
this privileging of biotechnology companies incited today's genetics gold rush.
even here, foreign-based domestic competitors could improve performance.
these lower-cost alternatives are fast becoming developed-country investors’ preferred destinations.
moreover, poorer regions would do badly in such a system.
it's not like that.
privatization will only make matters worse.
in fact, it might radicalize it even further.
so harpooned whales typically die slowly and painfully.
yet the high court has considered foreign policy implications before.
but will it really enhance the rights of eu citizens?
if the french vote no, m.
chirac is finished.
that is precisely why we must defend it.
let’s start with syria.
the rich are mostly doing well.
consider denmark and the united states.
or vice versa.
china’s dam frenzy
a strictly technocratic fix would also fail.
his parents, aunts, and uncles were also hiv-positive.
neither fact nor argument bears out hers analysis.
this is the discussion that is needed.
there are many other tools to advance integration.
to which the free trader responds: no problem there!
instead, obama has energetically confronted the issue from the start.
can it be done?
brexit would also spur significant financial-market turmoil.
the prime minister?
the sequester is the product of ideology and political stalemate.
and in gill v.
canberra – cambodia’s government has been getting away with murder.
the problem lies in how we travel.
in this disenchanted environment, dreams of utopia thrive.
islamic radicalism is largely a sunni arab phenomenon.
terror is a shadowy enemy.
but there is a major problem with the logic.
there are, of course, many obstacles in modi’s path.
universal assent was made possible only by further delaying.
more important still, they should be affordable.
instead, growth slowed, tax revenues fell, and workers suffered.
as in colombia, however, the results were fleeting.
no one yet thinks that chad is that country.
this approach also has serious financial-market consequences.
the question is how.
more important, putin’s popularity rests on historically high living standards.
none of this is guaranteed.
for a moment, i thought my call had been heeded.
singapore – martti ahtisaari is a great man.
i recently spoke with ruzimuradov about his incarceration.
for “’68” was, indeed, a rebellion joining two eras.
they lack the training to devise a nationwide recovery plan.
that didn’t happen.
why is taiwan's relationship with china so intractable an issue?
did netanyahu crave the applause of hers republican supporters?
iran would likely respond by attacking vulnerable saudi installations.
but that assumption’s flaws have now been laid bare.
remedial action in europe should include completing the internal market.
the unemployment rate is 5.6% and falling.
brazil is a country of extraordinary human and physical resources.
but europe should be doing better.
but israeli leaders reacted purely negatively to the arab upheavals.
the greenback enjoys a unique advantage as a safe haven.
this would require prolonging the ratification deadline until 2008.
none tried to seize a leadership role.
modi, like abe, faces major foreign-policy challenges.
palestine after abbas?
the following day, hers majesty the empress naruhito was enthroned.
a decade ago, in february 2009, a dollar bought cn¥6.8.
as a start, priority must be given to face-to-face negotiations.
beijing – multinational corporations are under siege in china.
a yes invigorates the axis; a no weakens it.
political uncertainty is also on the rise in europe.
much of bush's support comes from white fundamentalist christian men.
we document a couple of paradoxical findings.
other russian liberals thought nemtsov was mad.
no transparency here.
they are not some deadly virus or long-term environmental threat.
there are three serious problems with this view.
but i would not bet on this happening.
the distinguished twentieth-century british philosopher of law, h.l.a.
hart, argued for a partial version of mill’s principle.
our responses to climate change must have a social dimension.
one is that financial reform is inherently complicated.
economic forecasters continue to promise that growth will revive.
my argument is as follows.
but these measures had little effect on foreign-exchange markets.
recently, medvedev convened a large public meeting in vladikavkaz.
most free societies accept such limits as reasonable.
fortunately, countries like greece are not powerless to act.
beginning in the early 1980s, china began its decades-long rise.
for example, outward investment by indian companies is expanding fast.
as a result, the cnh fell against the dollar.
this does not imply permanent near-zero us interest rates.
the choice is between evolution and revolution.
crc keeps the money that’s left over.
three years later, it’s proceeding on course.
first, european public debt should be partly and gradually mutualized.
price stability has not put profit margins under pressure.
such a deal!
are they enthusiastic simply because she opposes the us?
but the european commission deemed the proposals inadequate.
how should we classify and prioritize costs and benefits?
lasting progress will require a similar commitment from governments worldwide.
but there are no magic recipes for modernization.
and that is precisely why france was targeted.
another writer, li xianbin, was sentenced to 10 years.
these were completed last autumn.
another crucial component of the scandinavian model is labor-market flexibility.
moreover, hers efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
china has said what it wants.
partly for that reason, it is little understood.
this was no mere gesture.
up to a point, this is understandable.
and it is, in any event, a preliminary estimate.
three possible outcomes remain, two simple and one complicated.
there is a place in political campaigns for bumper-sticker slogans.
many of these proposals will not actually achieve their goals.
nobody needs do anything differently – except take the tablets.
some categories of american manufacturing production were wiped out.
this may seem unthinkable to many.
first, afghanistan must not become a safe haven for terrorists.
saving: both countries need to commit to responsible macroeconomic adjustments.
universal health coverage (uhc) could change this worrying statistic.
instead, its foreign policy was dominated by economic interests.
cambridge: now that the euro has arrived, so what?
what will become of the korean peninsula?
but europeans want to help the us turn the page.
both times, israel’s land-for-peace formula resulted in land for war.
these are not just problems for governments to solve.
the first step must be to reduce diplomatic tensions.
could another macroeconomic ponzi scheme really be avoided?
nor did these companies ever take responsibility for their products.
that is the danger that trump confronts with china today.
so what, then, are the possible policy options?
they cannot transform china’s export- and investment-oriented political-economic system.
that can’t happen if mr.
chernomyrdin returns to his stodgy, do-nothing ways.
this is particularly true in the middle east.
laissez-faire will not do it.
yet central bankers declare themselves unsatisfied.
of course, we do invest in health care.
world currency standards have enormous inertia.
pent-up energy had to be released, but cautiously.
brussels – the geopolitical chessboard is back.
she was not wrong.
l: (perking up) o, cyprus was cool .
santiago – chile celebrated 200 years of independence in 2010.
this observation represents an important codicil to smith’s vision.
start with reach.
there are good reasons for this welcome change.
she was a practicing catholic.
but times have changed.
so there is much at stake for the old continent.
nearly 62% of vaccinators in nigeria are women.
west europeans understand this and will balk at baltic membership.
it is, in other words, merely a road into debt.
opened politics to the lower classes.
new york – does human nature exist?
the warrant was no leap forward.
what is the secret behind scandinavia’s success?
but he will not lead russia forever.
at the same time, interest rates continue to rise.
but that won’t necessarily make their countries more prosperous.
but the monetary-policy story, while plausible, is not ironclad.
yet all of brazil is feeling the impact on prices.
i believe that they will be proved wrong.
the media tends to move like market sentiment.
until now, financial authorities have explicitly rejected that responsibility.
one certainly hopes not, but it is a real possibility.
but is this really true?
diplomacy is win-win; direct democracy is zero-sum.
i must, however, end with a word of caution.
such arguments have the ring of common sense.
chavismo today inspires no one.
will russia save the west?
consider, first, the unemployment rate.
governments cannot deliver a sustainable future alone.
in fact, global growth has decelerated.
is the lion scared of the mouse?
in fact, that is not what china had in mind.
today genetic tests yield probabilities and uncertain, inadequate information.
in short, britain’s was a political, not an economic, failure.
it certainly is tempting to believe so.
collectively, these remarkable figures amount to a public health miracle.
state officials have slandered me.
indeed, a 1986 book by a futurist named k.
neither argument is persuasive.
small, innovative firms need enhanced access to credit.
and so we have.
here, national-level political leadership is critical.
pay differences across companies are considerable.
the resulting insecurity affects the way women farm.
it might even make matters worse.
given this risk, kyong-hui’s poor health is a significant hindrance.
orbán rarely commands attention outside of hers country.
is there really any more to be said?
others believed that the euro itself would trigger political unification.
clearly, ahmadinejad has a real base of support.
as a result, no one worked hard.
where would consumption come from?
hu's inheritance and what he will do with it.
support for insurgencies is a case in point.
– a switchover of global growth engines is taking place.
it is a nationwide trend.
i’m going with emanuel.
by definition, their welfare is being discounted.
the first term of george w.
bush’s presidency was marked by unilateralism and military power.
corporatist france is hard to govern.
why an american?
is china the new world bank?
should the world steam head-on into another kyoto protocol-style agreement?
hence the idea of nato ii.
they are, in general, stuck in poverty and economic isolation.
“there are a lot of killers,” trump declared.
america's global leadership is politically and militarily incontestable.
think back to june 2012.
in parallel, european post-doctoral schemes need reappraisal.
but the caste-like privilege of white females is doomed.
whipped up by his movement, papers float around him.
some of the blame for this we ghanaians must accept.
his company reflects that singularity of focus.
it is a one-two punch of environmental action.
simultaneous progress on both substance and process is needed.
they ask of every candidate: are you on my side?
it is therefore a fact.
compare this to the opportunity of the bowland shale.
they are right.
khan's proliferation activitiesit could scarcely be more blatant.
the currency channel is similarly impaired.
hers visions were magnificent, and apparently somewhat radical.
overall, they expected to be better off than their parents.
another is to promote research and development aimed at remediation.
soon after, sharif took over as prime minister.
and hers anti-communism was couched in terms of american idealism.
delay will only retard terrorism’s disappearance.
and cheating did indeed upset the broader superpower relationship.
carter’s immediate successor, ronald reagan, opposed that stance publicly.
japan is a poster child for the fear.
there is nothing productive about the chain or the collector.
as usual, the international community’s response focuses on sanctions.
she has a big responsibility not to start one.
this view approximates that of a majority of americans.
for example, in 1960, president dwight d.
it is difficult and time-consuming to build mature democracies.
in cyberspace, anyone can have hers or him say.
such predictions are unwarranted.
trump’s creed includes three more key principles.
but defeating isis is only the beginning.
both are metaphors for light and freedom.
that would be a good thing.
today, brazil’s paper maze is stronger than ever.
did these short cuts help incite hers death?
the australian model has performed far better.
yet our leaders consider these subjects taboo.
the relationship between sovereignty and democracy is also misunderstood.
that was a reasonable assumption back in january.
without natural selection, the appeal to godess made sense.
oh lord, yes.
and in much of the continent, that means agriculture.
tymoshenko has accepted the deal; yanukovych has not.
what a difference a decade makes.
yangon – interest in myanmar (burma) has become intense.
but the run-up to the trial was contentious.
if anything, bias toward females is stronger in christian families.
yet to iranians, she was a more complicated figure.
are the coming talks likely to be more successful?
this time, america voiced its displeasure openly.
this is a powerful dynamic.
cook had little time for such subtleties.
“[a]ll the countries hit by financial crisis...
a look beyond the cordial rhetoric reveals profound differences.
crucially, that path has already been taken by south korea.
how much longer can this continue?
economic advancement does not appear to be on the agenda.
doing so is not easy.
that was three elections ago.
in 1990, harvard divested completely from tobacco companies.
in other words, price stability reigns in the eurozone.
is there a bubble in home prices?
but the deleveraging process will be gradual and orderly.
at the moment, i strongly doubt it.
there is no excuse to delay.
increased openness has, in fact, greatly benefited iran.
banks were on the verge of bankruptcy and nationalization.
in this, there is something vaguely reassuring.
hastily held elections lifted kurmanbek bakiyev to the presidency.
there are three problems with this approach.
such a vision must include a reconceptualization of the enp.
clinton’s global network is already meeting roadblocks, particularly with china.
every un member state signed on.
measuring methane, including by using today’s infrared cameras, is challenging.
third, not all growth slowdowns are alike.
ironically, george w.
humans’ biological hybridization with technology also requires new vocabulary.
but the russian forces destabilizing eastern ukraine wear no insignia.
but that period is over.
the western balkans, however, is a different story.
will china weaponize social media?
the status quo will also likely persist in colombia.
the liberal world order thus began a comeback.
the experimental practices that they invented spread beyond the laboratories.
we called this socialism.
``self-defense'' loathes, instead, democratic government.
can europe’s common currency survive?
“do not fool yourself.
second, corporate chiefs should formally endorse important multilateral private-sector initiatives.
indeed, this year could be russia’s most fateful yet.
there are voices calling for its abolition.
this is impressive, but it is just a beginning.
economic and financial transmission lines cannot be rerouted quickly.
in south korea, growth fell to 4.8%.
these measures alone correspond to 4% of global gdp.
this is not new information.
what exactly does the us want, with or without trump?
the economic principles and political factors are thus well known.
it is a perfectly logical, albeit complex plan.
kennedy was in the metternich mold.
twenty years after berlin, copenhagen is calling.
but there are strong quantitative parallels as well.
it should boost investment in broadband infrastructure and digital technologies.
“speak softly and carry a big stick,” theodore roosevelt counseled.
many politicians, however, recognized that the imbalance was potentially problematic.
official definitions of terrorism are unpersuasive.
all of this is welcome.
reality would sell far fewer newspapers.
but this is true of the unorthodox remedies as well.
it wasn’t always so.
the misconduct of science?
there are three good reasons why ai should be next.
indeed, the composition of the ccp is itself a contradiction.
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
this is one unclaimed opportunity.
the west must decide what to do.
many people who have been debriefed judge the experience positively.
and israel is currently without a government.
the same is true of the pharmaceutical industry.
and when a giant falls, many are hurt.
yet generous donors are few and far between.
all bosnia demonstrates is that america may still dominate.
in iraq, george w.
this was the start of the great japanese asset-price bubble.
disagreements among economists are healthy.
nearby villages also seemed inadequately informed.
there is ample precedent for such an effort.
drivers benefited as gasoline prices plummeted.
i strongly disagree.
begin with russia.
then there are a variety of concessions, exemptions, and surcharges.
yes, of course.
the will to act exists in the eu.
the risk of secession is very real.
long rates must stay lown and come down further.
what can we do to counteract it?
that is the nature of european politics.
full-scale invasions rarely succeed in uprooting jihadist threats.
fifth, macroeconomic stability demands policy flexibility.
it is a biological tool with unprecedented power.
the legacy that xi seeks comprises three key components.
last exit from kabul?
there is another depressing aspect to the corruption debate.
trichet is a clever and resourceful person.
greater diversity of leadership styles improves the quality of decision-making.
even the mundane history of monetary politics contains striking parallels.
what went wrong?
or consider monetary policy.
but wilson’s vision may not prove so easy to quash.
the intellectual assault on it takes two forms.
the ecb will continue to provide banknotes.
to her burman aristocratic sensibility, their interests barely register.
france’s far-right national front is currently second in opinion polls.
but maintaining this balance will not be easy.
art as a critique of luxury and excess!
it sounds like a massive undertaking.
two recent events demonstrate what is at stake.
and wisdom is not softness.
four years later, she was in the white house.
hamburg: what has happened to germany?
presentation is government’s modern maginot line.
obama’s priorities in foreign policy are definitely sound.
in principle, the answer is straightforward.
consider the united states.
we need to dismantle them all.
bernie sanders, a self-described socialist, inspires enthusiasm.
but we need not speculate about assad’s behavior.
c) the polish elections.
current developments around the world are proving him right.
poor countries are where these arrangements are absent or ill-formed.
yet little was done to prepare.
this will mean making some tough, even unpopular decisions.
destroying new york's twin towers cost several thousand lives.
these perquisites of a middle-class life are attainable.
the problems are clear.
but in the short term, higher-paid skilled jobs often disappear.
does putin really want a trump presidency?
italy's economic ills are well known.
she was as good as hers word.
he must be put under control, silenced.
it is time to take action to advance non-proliferation.
the threat is very real.
everyone immediately got the reference.
one possibility is a 15% payroll tax.
instead, advanced countries should issue them first.
few expect that to happen.
death at an early age ended their lives.
first, the g-20 should support countries’ ability to feed themselves.
but that too is risky.
or consider iran, another power exploiting american weakness.
bankers are widely reviled today.
nixon got that right.
arafat never really agreed to share power.
but the problem extends further than that.
sometimes we just give up and embrace secularism.
all must adapt, and stock exchanges are no exception.
a calculated risk is always unavoidable.
bush was astonished by a grocery scanner.
fiscal consolidation means less public spending.
were realistic levels not dramatic enough?
the bank’s major shareholders also face a stark choice.
in both, the outcome was obvious before the campaigning started.
danger is greatest in intensive care units (icus).
change began in banking.
for years, prof.
their efforts brought some results.
the weirder she gets, the more hers supporters like him.
this is not only dangerous, but incoherent.
this is more than disappointing.
but this usually requires working with others.
this is morally perverse.
european firms are integrated into regional and global value chains.
instead, it brought about divergence.
london: american and european capitalism is euphoric nowadays.
but things haven’t worked out as expected.
of course, this is already happening, in part.
yet national independence can also be handled peacefully and smoothly.
but in others there will be steep falls.
when considered separately, effective solutions begin to emerge.
many lessons should be taken from the iraq war.
but the nice meeting failed miserably.
i expressed this frustration to his face several times.
german chancellor angela merkel is now in a bind.
but today, across europe, citizens feel impotent.
in some places, that can be important.
let us hope that the new iraqi government does better.
kim jong il rules in north korea.
the proposed legislation would affect both “target” and “instrument” independence.
in fact, many advanced countries need migrants.
lower stock prices raise the cost of capital.
i would have wanted the same thing myself.
in south africa, the apartheid system was firmly in place.
they have trouble seeing what is common to europe.
this transformation was not achieved through independent start-ups.
but this interpretation is flatly wrong.
but johnson’s demands are extreme.
meanwhile, efforts to clamp down on protests have continued.
energy is the key to turkey’s new geo-political position.
what next after the gaza withdrawal?
and, in any case, trump will not last forever.
reason on its own, he thought, cannot influence the will.
how much does trump matter?
one came on february 4.
international actors must respect individual countries’ sovereignty.
in germany, "capitalism unmodified" has begun its reign.
his targets, however, almost invariably come from the political right.
but they seem unable to act.
they could restructure problematic debts.
was it just $2 billion?
austerity is not necessary.
his obsession with detail was legendary.
so success in afghanistan demands reintegration of the taliban.
that vast tissue of lies is now tearing itself apart.
will he succeed?
berlin – russia and the european union are geopolitical neighbors.
free media would also help.
poland yearns for something new.
events in the world economy are notoriously hard to predict.
why, then, do populists appear immune to scandal?
her grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
from gaza to where?
the indicators of china’s rise are clear.
both camps have their clients in the country.
we must make markets work for them and their families.
my grandfather was a german jew.
gm crops also have significant economic benefits.
but the universities would not allow me to resign gracefully.
america isn’t happy with musharraf, either.
the design of a reform strategy requires solving two problems.
kohler's election was itself clouded in controversy.
so does the decision really matter?
again, the answer is low interest rates.
how far will the dollar have to fall?
this implies an annual cost of around $200 billion.
statism has been a characteristically twentieth-century response to new uncertainty.
there is little doubt about how 14 countries will vote.
but there are serious problems with putin’s strategy.
but including them would bring nato to russia’s borders.
and, in fact, that may be the problem.
the global financial crisis has hit them hard.
during indian defense minister a.
ukraine is another matter.
britain was, of course, the homeland of the industrial revolution.
the longer-term trends are clear.
moreover, medvedev is a strong-willed politician and very experienced administrator.
broadly, the narrative goes something like this.
many uzbeks, turkmens, and even some tajiks, feel excluded.
but it does not have to remain this way.
investment has been coming in, but more is needed.
new breeds of holy warriors are marginalizing secular national leaders.
warren has worked hard on financial-sector issues over many years.
will trump block latin america’s recovery?
and yet america’s tools are hardly useless.
the pattern begins in parliamentary deadlock.
the dangers of doing otherwise are simply too great.
on the contrary, they did something contemplative, even courageous.
still, there is reason for hope.
that is why i do the work that i do.
the difficulties kirchner faces are enormous.
no election since independence has brought a change of government.
the point is to create economic incentives to reduce cybercrime.
the two men certainly deserve each other.
but lepper is no empty windbag like mccarthy.
a kafkaesque pause, some might say.
here is where the fed comes in.
lavin was able to mount such an effective challenge.
conditions were tough heading into the talks.
so identity can improve the representativeness of representative democracy.
and, for now, the global balance is tipping toward restraint.
to answer this, we need to grasp government's true purpose.
the annual deficit almost certainly surpassed $1 trillion last year.
turkey, too, is involved in that game.
more often than not, they win.
clearly, turkey’s political institutions lack adequate safeguards.
and what about iran?
in the meantime, sharon has paid heavily for hers policies.
so it was quickly abandoned.
but the contrary is true.
the result of this wealth grab is often war.
but the picture is more complex.
to avoid such an outcome, gcc leaders must act now.
in 2014, coca-cola introduced its low-sugar alternative, coca-cola life.
many of them will be illiterate.
the real number is certainly far higher.
second, they have the economies of weak states.
this is a moral outrage.
but, here, the hungarian tail is wagging the german dog.
perhaps the portuguese time-buying strategy points the way ahead.
many of these pernicious side effects can already be perceived.
as a result, the quality of education has suffered.
still, there are some legitimate concerns about the tpp.
at this point, countries arrive at a crossroads.
the best long-term tool for countering extremism, however, is education.
there are monuments to her throughout the country.
curiously, but not surprisingly, this is not discussed very much.
so do some of europe’s politicians.
we are a normal country with an abnormal history.
there are nuances to this trend.
the war in the pacific was a race war.
the world should know what it is getting.
there is no silver bullet to combat disinformation.
no one knows at this stage.
the republican critique proved entirely without merit: inflation remained low.
discrimination and abuse against women can no longer stand.
chile exports almost 30% of its output.
anti-corruption protests have continued throughout the year.
but the euro is a european affair.
if so, will do you so in a consistent way?
surely that is not in germany’s interest.
medicine needs an analogous insight.
therein lies one of the most glaring disconnects of trumponomics.
afghanistan should do just that.
a permanent solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict remains elusive.
so what will putin provide russia?
for smes, externships provide much-needed creative manpower.
the loans would be repaid once the job began.
i have known blix for over forty years.
but urbanization doesn’t have to create a health crisis.
this is reflected in their economic models.
mexico is already a deeply polarized country.
companies campaign, too.
is globalization the only way to develop?
but she also became increasingly authoritarian.
first, firmly suppress political dissent as soon as it emerges.
worse, some europeans want us to forget.
those changes make the financial system safer.
again, there would be a cost.
but it is not just the elites who are blamed.
instead of being over, hers troubles are only starting.
the public discourse is poorer for this.
after a short burst, japanese growth has begun to sputter.
he toys with the tributes of half-men.
we’re lousy imperialists.
the families on the move may not stop in turkey.
on the other side are china pessimists.
but this strategy merely plays into the party’s hands.
in america, one can feel the backlash mounting.
if not them, who?
but how is this to be achieved?
whatever affects one european directly, affects all indirectly.
this was nasty, trump-like stuff.
the stakes are high.
a self-confident community will usually do just that.
india, and the world, will watch her with hope.
moreover, there would be less hunger in a de-carbonized world.
what might it look like?
the concept of europe is not immutable, and rightly so.
the consumption-tax hike was needed to sustain them in flight.
frankly, however, this is unlikely to happen.
crisis countries know better.
right or wrong, ireland will stick with austerity.
that is fine; the financial system was saved, after all.
within established parties, forces promoting rejuvenation are weak and uneven.
thus, the threat of instability could perpetuate italy’s inertia.
until the 1980s, this made sense.
europe is not without leverage.
but enlightened companies require enlightened investors.
americans say that sunlight is the best disinfectant.
but it could.
hers administration’s trade policy is based on serious misconceptions.
current scientific knowledge is simply inadequate to face the challenge.
that is debatable.
concentration and connectivity reinforce each other.
simply put, europe did not need a chancellor.
resuscitating the wto will require changing its rules.
today, however, nobody is predicting chaos for bachelet.
the same thing may be happening with the tax reform.
central banks are afraid of stable prices for two reasons.
we at the un have prepared carefully for this moment.
they are also relatively cheap and easy to deliver.
the refugee crisis is fundamentally changing german economic-policy priorities.
in 2008, north korea had satisfied certain conditions.
this is naive.
seoul – hubris usually gives birth to disaster.
throughout its history, spain has vacillated between leading and lagging.
despite not existing, utility is a powerful construct.
every case has its own defining features.
this is the context of our current peculiar vulnerability.
something like this is now occurring in afghanistan.
with these institutions in place, kosovo’s people expect greater self-government.
this exacerbates existing inequalities and entrenches these girls’ vulnerability.
it is indisputable that migration deserves the eu’s focus.
kwasniewski's victory exposes a string of paradoxes.
exchange rate policies are key.
economically marginalized workers were also feeling culturally beleaguered.
not that china is exactly egalitarian.
the mandates of individual development banks vary.
and matters may be even worse.
internet investment vehicles are growing.
he bravely opted for the latter.
mundell in the 1960s – had been constant and futile.
of course, heterodoxy does not always produce payoffs.
voilà: just the amount to explain the observed warming.
we should brace ourselves for the coming conflict.
new york – nicolae ceausescu liked to hunt bear.
one response is: who cares?
reassessing the past is certainly difficult and doubtless painful.
something else is going on.
the results were disappointing, however.
fundamental political reform is needed.
then there is the sdr.
many current international security crises are rooted in this dynamic.
the damage their products are causing is no secret.
giscard's outburst was provocative for another reason.
knowledge alone can never replace action.
but obama is nobody’s fool.
over the long term, such an approach will rebuild credibility.
abe had no good options.
the scientists at the j.
an international donors’ conference is called.
these adjustment measures are painful but necessary.
what’s more, wealth tends to remain in families over time.
but, beyond the ongoing changes, major strategic questions persist.
so what needs doing?
so that settles it.
monopolists and dominant firms, like microsoft, can actually suppress innovation.
but it is not only the women who suffer.
there are two messages us political elites should be hearing.
we search for some palliatives, but they are ineffective.
there is certainly cause for concern.
but what is “soliciting”?
russia’s diplomatic weaknesses have been starkly apparent in syria.
foreign policy forgotten
there is another irony.
west africa’s democratic tipping point?
america has a savings deficiency, not a glut.
nato has not aggressively victimized russia, as kremlin propaganda claims.
air pollution can be produced both outdoors and indoors.
for some it comes easier than others.
the paris process failed because it set expectations too high.
whether it is desirable depends on the outlook for inflation.
but it is surely worth a try.
to help limit future debt accumulation, countries have three options.
a round of "shock therapy" à la mrs.
educated, pushy fathers make all the difference.
chinese culture and language has spread all over the world.
first, global growth is slowing.
for how long will they bother to remain members?
revolution followed, sweeping away the monarchy and aristocracy.
contracts are sacrosanct.
today, the picture is very different.
the year 1989 was a heady time for europe.
that’s simply false.
none of the new technologies warrants changing that approach.
but brexit does not have to spell the union’s demise.
is it time for this dictator to go?
the key issues are strategic, organizational, and regulatory.
think about kashmir.
think about india.
and the japanese emperor is no exception.
or are they individuals operating on their own behalf?
there are signs that things are changing for the better.
another conflict in the middle east is the worst option.
suicides are on the rise.
financial markets would always outsmart the policymakers.
the problem is that history is not always neutral.
social welfare systems are shaking as never before.
opportunities to save are not limited to new capacity.
a conventional military approach failed in cambodia and lebanon.
on the contrary, it amounts to a surrender of influence.
and now, trump’s protectionist quagmire is getting deeper.
but president bush is not alone in facing democratic pressures.
both had resisted capital market liberalization.
but turkey faces many challenges of its own.
in short, the us has hardly lost its competitive edge.
that is why, as african policymakers, we must support it.
protecting central-bank independence requires adaptation.
of course, roadblocks await.
economic determinists predicted that he did not stand a chance.
in reality, this will be impossible.
berlin – germany is about to break its coal addiction.
nobody could argue with any of these goals.
not so in romania.
conversely, the academy of sciences sometimes rebelled against its committees.
it will be a long, painful road.
that would be a triumph for the european project.
international human rights movement.
wto membership will expose china's agricultural sector to foreign competition.
public support for spending cuts is also difficult to win.
that was the root cause of today’s euro crisis.
but why has the pbc tightened monetary policy so much?
will china find a way to reverse its economic slowdown?
many are sick and covered with sores.
in exchange, they are given access to nuclear technologies.
this cannot continue.
the high court ruled that it did not.
in 1998, radu vasile, then romania's prime minister, visited israel.
bashar assad remains essentially loyal to hers father’s legacy.
this same dynamic characterized the russian revolution.
the iranian opportunity
yet there have been successes.
more precisely, castro limits cubans.
moreover, heavy tv viewing has contributed to social fragmentation.
structural change does not automatically accelerate economic development.
as china gains, will southern africa?
finger pointing will not fix anything.
this announcement could well weaken that plan’s already limited prospects.
there must be an effective response.
politics, however, owes its debts to the living.
three stand out.
otherwise, violence will engulf the region and far beyond.
external imbalances will pose the largest challenge for the region.
but that is not our problem now.
but when the dollar begins to strengthen, the cycle reverses.
this scientific road has rarely been traveled.
saudi arabia had two clearly defined military objectives in yemen.
any realistic grand bargain would have to account for this.
it is, according to the pundits, romney’s last chance.
it need not be inevitable.
their objection is to his aggressive, unilateralist methods.
i suspect that many will agree with this view.
why should there be an eu hard core?
who saw that sudden and rapid transformation coming?
those goals are achievable.
the impact of shale energy on south america is twofold.
homesick politics
2.
hollywood shoots an increasing number of films elsewhere.
but what is the right level?
yes, nuclear disarmament has gone viral.
moreover, the drc has vast untapped economic potential.
the us economy is humming along.
those results suggest that the electorate has become more pliant.
the irony has escaped no one.
but putin, an ex-kgb officer, possesses a dictator’s shrewdness.
he is also his past, his present and his future.
china’s leaders knew what they were doing.
this has not been matched by changes in policymakers’ thinking.
had she seen them?
kaczyński is no fanatic; but he is a cynic.
his removal by military coup was unjustified.
navigating the economic transition to international competitiveness isn’t easy.
the debtor countries would regain their competitiveness.
rich countries need to lead the way.
in such circumstances, liberal democracy and security are in tension.
these factors apply to emerging countries generally.
as human beings, we empathize with them.
their son sophia has a 9 a.m.
the case of syria is a good example of this.
diplomacy backed by military threat can reduce the number further.
even so, clinton’s loyalty was not absolute.
japan poses the clearest example of this problem.
in the typical developing-country city, they do so with difficulty.
make no mistake: there is indeed a gender-equality crisis.
will things turn out differently this time?
for austria, sweden, and finland, full membership came as intended.
let me review some of what i saw.
these strains have many intellectual roots.
but it broke with tradition in september 2015.
some may have been sold.
some kinds of austerity programs may indeed boost morale.
america’s support for democracy in the region heightens its dilemma.
today, africa includes five of the world’s ten fastest-growing economies.
a year later, where are we?
yet, if anything, these predictions underestimate the economic impact.
whoever is against the leader is automatically against the people.
the death of nato
these are all very important issues.
voters were bought and sold like commodities.
but there are also some disquieting lessons as well.
but stock exchanges have limits, particularly in brazil.
those fears are justified.
a fiscal reality test for us republicans
the economy .
for the moment, the process has sunk into a stalemate.
but, again, such arguments are shortsighted.
the same is true of some other welfare payments.
but achieving this would be a difficult and delicate task.
china’s property market is deflating.
the fed injected $3 trillion over a slightly longer period.
these patchwork systems do have benefits.
this may sound legalistic, and it certainly reflects political motivations.
this period was arguably the heyday of globalization.
soviet engineers began designing sputnik in january 1956.
plato would reject this view.
this experience prompted his writing the duino elegies .
in 2011, conscription was suspended.
but that is not the point.
in asia it means flexible exchange rates.
obama’s priority is not to be dragged into another conflict.
sand mounds are particularly advantageous, given coastal areas’ economic value.
trump views diplomacy in personal terms.
still, no one should be forced to cover himself up.
it would be easy and virtually costless.
sometimes the police are overzealous.
many seek a more hopeful economic future.
but there is room for discussion.
these ingredients could constitute a recipe for disaster.
our nation’s unity is not artificial.
last december, putin accepted a complex financing scheme for rosneft.
these priorities have been reflected in policy.
but populism’s various iterations tend to share common features.
what explains trump’s popularity?
the us is not likely to repeat this experience.
iran is the second flash point.
oil prices go down as well as up.
servants, indeed, are a bulwark of mexican machismo.
big mistakes were made, fueling further violence.
if brexit goes ahead, this will take many years.
fortunately, the situation is set to improve.
insufficient investment has meant inadequate infrastructure.
at gitmo, corporate contractors run the show.
candidates should never be put in such a position.
europe’s story became america’s story.
serbian attention was drawn to other points made by ashdown.
there are fears on both sides.
i met mohyeldin before a recent public appearance in manhattan.
but they are not.
an enlarged european investment bank could then co-finance investments.
minorities tend to experience economic inequality and political marginalization.
the outcome will decide their fate and continuance in office.
every revolution has two phases.
that is why dsk was arrested.
global warming is a case in point.
but earlier versions identified the islets as korean territory.
but cuba’s influence on the old fmln leadership remains intact.
but that is not the question.
but a wider crisis in africa continues.
some bounce back, while others experience long-lasting, even permanent, damage.
alas, it is not that simple.
chicago – poverty is humanity’s cruelest affliction.
this cannot be left up to the health community alone.
in particular, the euro has its own all-too-obvious problems.
and my experience is not unique.
here, president john f.
then malta, too, turned the refugees away.
neither was achieved by the target date of 2015.
he carries it everywhere, he said.
but the truth is that israel’s hands have been tied.
a similar storm hit new england 20 years ago.
nationalism tends to weaponize nuanced policy arguments.
now, the differences.
bosnia may even make russia more demanding.
that is quite an accomplishment.
beginnings are vital; but they are just that.
meanwhile, however, someone will have to run things and govern.
already, china is backing up its words with action.
no one knows.
trump seized on this cleavage during his campaign.
the arguments for cutting corporate taxes are similarly flawed.
and if this continues, the cartel’s fragmentation may be inevitable.
youth unemployment is at 37%.
time is running out for preventative action to be taken.
this is no longer possible.
but that system cannot be taken for granted.
the uk’s connection with europe has long been semi-detached.
the world trade organization is a case in point.
the other half are elected directly in so_called majority constituencies.
this is not to suggest that saudi arabia is invincible.
the reasons are simple and brutal.
then there is trump’s unabashedly pro-russia team of advisers.
pelosi had outmaneuvered trump.
but are they right?
the first question is easier to answer.
but as former us secretary of the treasury lawrence h.
opium is choking afghan society.
europe is getting a free ride.
trump’s war policy in syria
india, too, supports the proposal.
russia blithely let the deadline pass.
after a time, it ceases to overawe.
at this point, the national vote count is meaningless.
but the electorate did not succumb to wishful thinking.
but not everyone is falling for china's story.
repressive policies have never succeeded in eliminating demand for drugs.
sweden, too, has such bonds, as do other countries.
each city is ultimately a special case.
instead, she is closely monitored with various follow-up tests.
nowadays, they account for almost 80% of global growth.
but ending the negative contributions is cause for celebration.
this was not true before.
financial empire building drove late twentieth-century globalization.
who should decide if a country is democratic or not?
once decided, these rules would be incorporated into existing treaties.
frontier research, like innovation, is an inherently uncertain process.
today venezuela is not a basket case.
finally, greece could leave the euro and devalue its currency.
parliaments talk before reaching conclusions; hence their name.
— pre-empt these mechanisms.
but esdp is not at the core of our efforts.
some specialist cities could also do well in this world.
june will be a cruel month in russia's courts.
yes, these are controversial policies.
the second type of superpower is the integrator.
we live in a tough neighborhood.
the soviet union did not apply for imf membership.
latin america will no doubt be one of francis’s priorities.
but mccain has shown herself to be resilient.
someday, of course, this will come to an end.
yet none has been arrested.
india's ancient and medieval history is notoriously malleable.
even that outcome is highly unlikely, however.
the market system does not guarantee this.
to their everlasting shame, european countries abstained.
germany and the netherlands have long resisted fiscal expansion.
does the un still matter?
this has obviously caused frustrations.
oz is happy that she left physics.
but the cycle runs in reverse, too.
first, bank deposits must be protected.
daily, the euro sinks.
an india-china axis?
new york – we were warned.
indeed, africa’s smes are often unable to secure long-term financing.
this would be disastrous, in particular, for europe’s economic recovery.
the same is true of antidepressants.
but this warning should not carry the day.
these trends have been ongoing for some time.
can artificial intelligence be ethical?
this process can destabilize russia faster than anybody now realizes.
instability just strikes like lightning.
he might have been speaking about the dollar.
fast-forward to the spring of 2007.
the time for engineers to take center stage has arrived.
in other circumstances, these would be positive outcomes.
don’t follow the fed
but she doesn’t.
they are also made with knowhow.
there is an english question as well.
but perhaps even this is optimistic.
and with good reason.
at first, the bkkbn’s family-planning efforts achieved extraordinary results.
but these fears are not well founded.
that’s the idea, anyway.
no one will be happy.
meanwhile, saudi arabia is pursing a different path.
a similar outcome this time would not be surprising.
is an amendment to the eu treaty required?
tobin was concerned about excessive fluctuations in exchange rates.
for decades, it made the world a better place.
he was wrong.
will developing countries be left behind?
their motivating fear is the prospect of inflation.
if not addressed, these regions’ prospects will dim.
bukharin was executed in 1938.
money from heaven?
can ubi survive financialization?
but one country has remained largely unmoved: china.
but that does not mean that there are none.
that is what happened after 2008.
they are dogmatic.
these assertions, however, are not borne out by the evidence.
more recently, japan has adopted such a system.
our theory of progress is unidirectional.
to be sure, this could accelerate market concentration.
a one-size-fits-all approach to integration is simply unsustainable.
in today’s media landscape, information is abundant.
mcmaster has raised the possibility of a preventive war.
this fear is misplaced.
rouhani invited me to hers inauguration in august 2013.
how has the situation reached such a point?
the truth is, no one really knows.
what died with them?
emergency loans are equally important.
is the lioness scared of the mouse?
the poor, however, do.
this is great news.
the challenge is one of morality and vision.
they also want to stay out of prison.
yet many important climate predictions have been confirmed.
not that barientos would swap places with hers father.
the american military takes the geneva conventions seriously.
like ill-tempered parents, it may also lose its cool.
of course, the value of the yen soared too.
now consider other major emerging markets.
households would be behaving in a totally irresponsible manner.
true, someone has to come first.
in fact, google generally fights government requests for personal information.
it was not one of the imf’s most prescient publications.
then the crash comes.
this american resistance is unfortunate.
· court public opinion.
don’t oversell what the government is doing.
she talks big, but respects hers limits.
most things don’t exist in isolation.
so far, extortion has worked – and putin knows it.
the recent general election was pakistan’s eleventh.
the first is whether we need more nominal demand.
in mexico, women's time is not their own.
i wish i were joking, but i am not.
he added: “i will take the mantle.
in many ways, his approach was a great success.
this is where a lot of policymakers get it wrong.
these meetings are not everyday affairs.
in their minds, the party’s hold on power seems indestructible.
the same thing, they fear, will happen in europe.
the end of the left/right divide?
one country is driving up this average: china.
i think not.
new york – don quixote fought windmills.
in this, boris yeltsin is a most typical russian leader.
mexico, which votes in july, does not hold a runoff.
so, what should be done?
economic costs to expansion also exist.
but nigeria has always been remarkable for producing surprising outcomes.
how did we end up here?
but this is a comparatively small problem.
finally, the us needs reliable partners.
in both cases, what seems desirable appears highly improbable.
consumer foods are going another way.
israel’s government responded by trying to placate the us.
the same problem weakens hers policies toward iran and europe.
everyone has too much to lose.
traditional monarchs still have broad powers of appointment and decree.
even after 2001, there were only a few anti-muslim incidents.
bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
hence the wariness in ukraine towards rapid nato expansion.
buenos aires – argentina is a curious country.
market reforms eventually resulted in historically high growth rates.
this is the flip side of charity.
unsafe at any speed?
but, as often as not, the soi-disant crucial figure oversteps.
none of this will be easy.
this figure is not new.
the job is changing, not disappearing.
but such assumptions may have been premature.
but, in recent years, relative prices have adjusted.
this seems accurate.
but there is another possibility.
in fact, they can have powerful consequences.
promoting sustainable growth is much harder.
in that sense, he succeeded.
san francisco, california – climate change has claimed another victim.
time spent on desktops has now fallen to just 40%.
she has a point.
the islamic state continues its bloodstained territorial conquests.
the outcome remains unclear.
yes, two people have died in the chaos.
but we got a surprise.
this is no longer the case.
global engineering systems require global coordination.
so what conversation should we be having about geoengineering?
coubertin made hers idiocy public.
others suggest that putin’s aloofness stems from kremlin infighting.
but this interpretation, while convenient, can provide only false comfort.
indeed, one hopes that others will follow hers example.
the irresponsible ecb
still, we are europeans.
for city dwellers, the environment can be an existential priority.
even top communists appear to acknowledge and embrace change.
the eu-ukraine association agreement will greatly benefit ukraine.
journalists are not safe in europe, either.
the fund that cried wolf?
much will depend on the steps taken in 2019.
that’s big data.
to this end, three important steps must be taken.
but national authorities must lead.
this achievement must not be allowed to be rolled back.
but the majority is not always right.
can ramaphosa do it?
tax policy can also be used to shape the economy.
this will have to change.
the un is uniquely positioned to help countries do this.
this is where the conspiracy theories come in.
more recently, in 2009, the border issue flared again.
peaceful unification was a religious notion, a christian utopia.
the same logic applies to our diets.
these are just some of the better-known examples.
that is partly a function of rapidly changing demographics.
climate change is a real and serious problem.
men experience the world differently than men.
to be sure, such a move would significantly complicate negotiations.
but she was clear about where she stood politically.
the american dream became the world’s nightmare.
us banks have had more space to diversify.
the effort is worth it.
kennedy, in his book the disuniting of america.
but interventionism is not the same thing as internationalism.
but a senator is more than just another citizen.
other examples of domestic stabilization by swfs abound.
as the romanian philosopher e.
today, political leaders openly attack “burdensome” green taxes.
yes, fighting is sometimes necessary; but diplomacy always is.
biological facts were seen through the light of ideological bias.
he grew up idolizing allen.
democracies built on unwilling foundations, however, cannot stand.
she was furious.
president george w.
clearly, that share needs to increase.
so companies are developing uniquely chinese approaches to such innovation.
the recovery’s pattern has reinforced longer-run trends.
canada alone is pursuing essentially balanced generational policies.
under communism, public debate was confined to private kitchens.
then the terrorists struck in london.
there is also a widespread sense of economic insecurity.
and even this is a significant underestimate.
europe is confronting a similar moment of destiny.
thanks to export markets, south korea industrialized exceptionally rapidly.
serbia is poor and western aid is desperately needed.
second, and more important, imf credits are too expensive.
mr chirac's future is behind him, so he dreads sarkozy.
the new treaty is supposed to become effective in 2009.
next time could be much worse.
her challenge dwarfs those faced by her recent predecessors.
so are the critics right?
and the us should shun a domineering policy.
the horizon seemed brighter on the european side as well.
nor does she advocate violence against homosexuals.
and sarkozy seems to understand this instinctively.
rwanda’s horrors, and more recently darfur, come quickly to mind.
all of these incidents occurred within just one week.
congressional paralysis has reached levels unparalleled in recent history.
are nazis as american as apple pie?
the practical result was precisely the opposite.
if we take a worldwide perspective, it clearly did.
today, the number is around 2-3%.
the lesson was clear: attend to rural poverty.
trade tensions continue to mount.
they are political partners.
have these large and promising emerging economies fulfilled expectations?
the project has proven controversial.
newspapers have gained allies even on capitol hill.
why didn’t we say so?
but this reaction will hardly help european countries thrive.
jumpstarting europe’s economy
arthur c.
a better explanation comes from the field of psychology.
when possible, trump has fired those who disagree with him.
gas and coal prices have followed a similar pattern.
but rapid growth obscured many problems.
all of this is true.
why not in iraqi kurdistan?
pornography, of course, has nothing to do with liberalism.
they would never follow unknown technocrats.
the results are compelling.
i am always on duty.
as in libya, the fighting would make the country ungovernable.
new ideas are like new drugs.
many of hers “applause lines” were met with stony silence.
what do muslim women want?
but more investment alone is not enough.
while president george w.
it can lead to gridlock, conflict, or poor policy choices.
india's prime minister, a.
gul was not the issue; the issue was his wife.
there are other ways to cut carbon from the atmosphere.
brazil’s success is also well known.
when they come across three azerbaijani boys, they don’t hesitate.
both groups are fully transparent about their motives and activities.
now i wonder whether i was right.
these attitudes also largely echo their less convincing economic performance.
is a tech company (don’t they know about skype?).
in that election, he overcame the traditional right-left divide.
but she refused.
indeed, that passion shows little sign of waning.
as edgar l.
corruption rules many state governments and national ministries.
what sort of claim do those people have?
what is xi jinping thought?
but we need to do more.
whether or not this is true is beside the point.
putin must know that.
that is true, too.
china breezes into the wto.
japanese might revert to angry nationalism.
this is the eternal reality of the financial markets.
and currently the renegotiation of nafta is stalled.
but the opposite appears to be happening.
one hopes that they do.
it is primarily about governance, not economics.
as refugees, our goal has always been empowerment through self-sufficiency.
this has weakened growth in international trade.
information is the next force.
the main causes of these trends are clear.
there are serious objections to this argument.
trump revels in the chaos he sows.
moreover, the parameters of the debate are becoming hazy.
yet europe should not think itself immune to this problem.
prevention is better than repression.
they also agree that a central core has remained constant.
owsiak is a widely respected and beloved public figure.
turkey was a functioning democracy that had achieved middle-income status.
in truth, it was the nurse’s job.
in this sense, data have become the new collateral.
mashal has more than one option.
that is why nato began to assemble a ground component.
this was achieved primarily through dialogue.
under former president george w.
then there is the air quality.
this wouldn’t cost much, but it would take decades.
what should be done?
or so it seems.
but the situation today is not usual at all.
what about possible losses suffered by the substitution account?
but, even under this adventurous assumption, human-rights issues arise.
now the imf belatedly recognizes that it should explore alternatives.
but the respite was short-lived.
but should the rest of us care?
more such struggles are needed in turkey.
the european council endorsed the framework soon after.
in this fight, georgia's independent media must play its role.
legalization ended that in a single stroke.
merkel knows that the us is indispensable to europe’s security.
one cannot exclude recourse to this solution in the future.
bush has been so hostile to freer trade.
others complain that he lacks an advanced degree in economics.
we, too, are present at a new creation.
but, for both countries, hope dies last.
hong kong was never a democracy.
perhaps it is time for another breath of fresh air.
president” management style.
a league of democracies?
so a rebalancing is under way.
we could dream big because of her example.
changes in the news industry are increasing that risk.
so what happens next?
but life after default goes on much as before.
there is no way we can avoid making difficult choices.
but it wasn’t just technology companies that stepped up.
i really do not know.
a new chance for cyprus
what is the open society?
but germany’s leaders were uneasy with these changes.
economic history comes, if at all, from data sets.
prices could increase much faster at times.
everyone has the right to an education.
zurich – the current us economic expansion is extraordinary.
for that we should be grateful.
the deadline to sign the bill is fast approaching.
our researcher accompanies her to a free clinic.
but right now we know a lot about that.
apocalyptic fiction writers may one day be proved correct.
cardoso is right.
is today’s globalizing era also coming to an end?
europeans, appropriately enough, will mostly determine europe’s future.
some suspected an epidemic of "brain fever" of some sort.
i hope they are right.
macron is raring to get started on that agenda.
i think this judgment is wrong.
the other is whether voluntary euthanasia is ethically defensible.
market logic, it is argued, dictates this result.
i most admired thatcher for her political style.
and the one-party regime may not even survive until 2049.
they think that perhaps this time is different.
so, what good could come of the consultation?
ahmadinejad confirmed sensing a similar presence.
the government refused to act.
but there is more.
and, yes, society’s institutions should help them to do this.
vladimir de gaulle?
and last but not least.
no difference means no market.
but the same double standards are apparent here.
heinlein chose a muslim linguist, “dr.
what’s in a bric?
left-wing populists such as bernie sanders engage in income politics.
evidence of what works also turbo-charges the effectiveness of advocacy.
the late indian management guru c.k.
but is that really true?
is china strong or weak?
what would you do?
realizing hers mistake, roosevelt tried to get out quickly.
so what is going on here?
the real culprit is the euro.
economics has an important quantitative side, which cannot be escaped.
the bomb has not been defused.
abe must not make the same mistake.
but indian men want female children just as much.
is europe worth the effort?
across sub-saharan africa, this problem is now vast.
this is mostly a matter of engineering, not politics.
we expect our social model to be realized.
unfortunately, what he is doing is not enough.
so far, the public seems largely convinced.
he has taken on a grave responsibility in history.
but how will china behave under its new leadership?
most of them did not involve weapons of mass destruction.
the future promises peace without development.
the answer is simple: decency.
they are themselves arbitrary.
its dismantling would be a blessing.
similar reasoning applies to reform of the state-owned-enterprise (soe) sector.
if she goes statist/populist, 2001 will be a crisis year.
investors are piling on more risk at increasingly elevated prices.
perhaps canada will take the lead.
foreign policy in particular has become a female aspiration.
once the music stopped, the assets plunged in value.
out of ammunition to combat recession?
these are specious arguments.
bad situations can always get worse.
it’s been a dismaying spectacle.
but turkey and, one hopes, tunisia are examples worth following.
but is that true today?
a substantial majority of provincial security chiefs are also sunni.
but her words did little soothing.
the situation can be summarized simply.
most energy and carbon taxes are levied by national governments.
how then, will israel define its security in the future?
this is a very high hurdle.
his face sagged.
complex problems like climate change rarely have a single solution.
it is 1966.
to give only a few examples.
that argument is also false.
europe must work--promptly--to overturn ibrahim's conviction.
in many other regions, these gaps are 40-60%.
finally, monetary policy has been far too loose.
so shouldn’t everyone get the same benefits?
snippets of infant foreskin are used for generating artificial skin.
these difficulties should not stop us from trying.
panic might intensify.
that will take time.
the government wanted to protect its sources.
trump’s hostility to immigration runs contrary to the facts.
such a development would be familiar in many european countries.
but they are mostly intermediated within nationwide financial institutions.
accusations and finger pointing abounds, but the facts remain obscure.
this is true not just morally, but also economically.
the question is whether puerto rico will have that option.
the chechen war drags on, bringing new victims every month.
this is true for its financial parameters too.
is horror the price we must pay for progress?
encouragingly, all sides appear to accept the results.
for almost everyone, george w.
bush’s “decisiveness” made vacillation seem like a better option.
each rupee spent achieves just 0.8 rupee in benefits.
and what if this “military option” fails?
what comes next?
accomplishing this will require a blueprint for political action.
• constitutionalize the most basic economic decisions.
london – it’s been a better year for god.
but turkey persisted.
these are the underpinnings of our unconscious moral sense.
the surface reasons for this shift are obvious.
there is evidence about how they decide.
we wrote letters to the government and organized peaceful protests.
so why should now be different?
nor is it likely to do so.
but this stability will face new challenges in 2006.
so it is easy to reassemble the puzzle.
this is the reality.
the challenges are many.
the trump administration now faces at least two major challenges.
perhaps not – i am greek, after all.
this raises another concern.
howard’s mantra was to bring the city to nature.
libertarian paternalists offer a novel answer to these questions.
price deflation is far more likely in the near term.
they fall into poverty and turn to drugs.
how can you match up something that's never been found?
but that strategy ignores palestinian and regional realities.
but it did.
we have not looked back since.
but america is waking up.
revaluation would accelerate this trend.
there is no easy solution to these problems.
so senegal’s “rituals of respect” may not be holding.
then the bottom fell out from oil prices.
these obstacles apply to all infrastructure investments.
this precludes deficit finance to boost growth.
more daring policies are needed.
china’s north and east have outpaced its south and west.
worse, cryptocurrencies in general are based on a false premise.
there is no approval for the escalating suicide bomb attacks.
maybe they are right; they deserve to be.
but that is not the problem now.
there are a number of reasons for this.
until then, britain would remain in the eu customs union.
she has not heard from him since.
and he won’t have very good options, either.
remittances by emigrants offer one of the richest.
it’s the world according to game of thrones.
their implementation strategies, however, differed enormously.
nevertheless, the progress is undeniable.
that does not work well, but it does work.
a good portion of the world is ruled this way.
trust is important.
but today we know that this is only a dream.
so far, the situation does not look promising.
that is what eventually did him in.
it is an implication of the national income-accounting definitions.
finally, emerging economies must work to strengthen their institutions.
they hated hers promises to withdraw from foreign conflicts.
the scope of the phenomenon is enormous.
job satisfaction would suffer accordingly.
despite evident progress, however, serious challenges persist.
while america’s population rises, russia’s sinks like a stone.
consider china in this light.
hong kong residents cannot exactly vote out china’s leaders.
across the region, anti-chinese communal violence was widespread.
the first to arrive was south korean president park geun-hye.
but none of these economies had pursued wholesale economic liberalization.
kissinger’s mission triggered a diplomatic revolution.
in other words, everyone really should learn to swim.
two things can be done to protect coral reefs.
in many cases, they are the same people.
first, spending on high-return public investments should be increased.
poverty is a personal flaw.
could the commission obtain their testimony outside yugoslavia?
after all, consumers expect power always to be available.
one proposal the candidates agree on is massive infrastructure spending.
yet questions remain.
faculty are on the move, too.
or perhaps hers two advisers were speaking the truth.
yet denial runs deep.
how can it?
nearby windows shook, and birds scattered into the air.
these setbacks are hardly a coincidence.
unfortunately, this is a dream, not a target.
it is not surprising that policy approaches have also varied.
developments affecting each are more closely connected than ever.
we must work together to cut this knot, and now.
this is the most sensible and rational path to follow.
the first alternative is a disorderly breakup of the eurozone.
instead, it has declined to 8.6%.
the us budget deficit is enormous and unsustainable.
but this is not enough.
putin comes closest, but even she is not hitler.
when it happens, the results are galvanizing.
obviously, some changes in the economic system are needed.
small and medium-sized eu countries feel tricked.
consider the situation in afghanistan.
but middle-aged workers know to expect less when they retire.
consider a bank with liabilities of $1 billion.
of course, when born these future generations will have rights.
now china, india, and japan are pressing to get in.
the euro has always been a franco-german project.
how much road remains in this extraordinary journey?
young people present two different sets of challenges.
powell, for example, does not have one, either.
it opted for virtuous abstention.
so it makes sense to explore a phased approach.
consider the relationship between serbia and russia.
over-diagnosis of bipolar disorder has costs.
the answer is straightforward: the public itself.
new york – a half-century ago, john f.
europe’s situation today bears some similarities to the 1940s.
our economy has not been adversely affected by staying out.
the first danger is that the state overextends itself.
but nationalism may not be a political constant.
fast-forward to the united states in 2018.
this pushed japan into recession.
the power to think critically develops only slowly.
the official target for 2017 is 4.2%.
perhaps different societal choices are implicitly being made.
big banks’ boards are supine for three main reasons.
to meet their obligations, governments needed growth.
second, governments must lead by example.
today we have a new constitution, and kenyans are celebrating.
fighting against the taliban has been heavy at times.
the biggest trade conflict is between the us and china.
this is remarkable language, which merits deconstruction.
specifically, they should take four steps.
confidence crises beget the risk of further confidence crises.
attacking a troll farm will not be enough.
first, proponents need to go on the offensive.
whether certain resources will produce power depends upon the context.
its share of global exports has plummeted.
until recently, europe was ill-prepared for this alternative.
yet this pressure is unwise, and somewhat hypocritical.
preventing this requires resolving some large and apparently intractable problem.
the end of the two-state solution?
a two-step process is now our best bet.
and the hits keep coming.
this is changing rapidly.
an extreme example of this is colonization.
the old guard in trt welcome this suppression.
russia has sought to weaken georgia’s government for some time.
but designing a new relationship will not be easy.
now it is time to take the next step.
finally, there is the quantitative question.
unfortunately, they are not.
it delivered no freer trade than the cis free-trade zone.
nor should they be.
the two men differ in temperament as well as experience.
ten universities in china and hong kong are ranked higher.
there is some truth to these arguments.
chinese bonds remain unavailable.
my maternal grandmother was the only survivor.
meanwhile, the eurozone’s recession is deepening and unemployment is rising.
what accounts for this wide divergence?
we are not afraid of death….
carbon pricing alone, by contrast, does not.
but that is no more than a reprieve.
there is no shortage of explanations.
the rest of the region stands to gain, too.
but it should not wash its hands of brexit.
it is possible that the two met.
argentina trades with brazil, america with japan.
the galloping chauvinism has known no bounds.
the implication is that they need grants, not loans.
but this time something snapped.
there is no doubt that productivity growth is desirable.
the bush administration is sticking to its game plan.
food, medicines, and fuel could run short.
policymakers must step in and provide leadership.
georgia was the first to oust its communist apparatchiks.
the us imports the equivalent of 16% of its gdp.
under normal conditions, one person’s needs become another person’s livelihood.
she might argue that she has to be.
according to john p.
he wears shoes instead of red velvet slippers.
but there are already organisms that do just that: viruses.
this option, too, carries grave risks.
in an ideal world, conflicts end by agreements and treaties.
his brother, jaroslaw, has always evoked popular mistrust.
his position in the nationalist opposition was weak.
the germans should remember the reparations fiasco of the 1920’s.
these developments are similar across the west.
but djukanovic keeps the serbian opposition at a distance.
moreover, many companies boosted their quarterly dividend payouts to shareholders.
trump can only envy xi.
it is time for asia’s leaders to step up.
bush won in 1976 and 2004, respectively.
and kremlin critics have been arrested and even assassinated.
together, europe’s peoples can wield genuine influence.
countries circulating these orders include azerbaijan, turkey, uzbekistan, and kazakhstan.
clearly,the zika crisis is not gender-neutral.
but can religion also be a force for good?
second, the us should make international development a higher priority.
it, too, is remarkably overextended.
continuing uncertainty made capital planning very difficult.
soros: no, i have no regrets whatsoever.
the jcpoa was a landmark of multilateralism.
european leaders seem to be moving in this direction.
israel’s main concern continues to be security.
and after the storm hits italy, france could be next.
but we cannot afford to rest easy.
this idea matters a lot in trade policy.
in largely agricultural societies, farm productivity affects the entire economy.
one hopes that this is where the similarities end.
these are technically complicated arguments.
-- are biding their time.
after all, fictional characters should be allowed to be offensive.
there is no harm in it.
many are not christians at all.
conflict with the united states is unlikely for the moment.
several prominent american politicians have voiced support for a boycott.
by the 1990’s, such conflicts were the dominant form.
that looks like a really smart investment.
she will be sorely missed.
this is what should happen in a democracy.
neither is politically easy; but neither should be impossible.
it was more concerned with posing as an inflation-fighter.
yes, donald, jr.
yet the problems of usability and interoperability persist.
but new leadership would have to emerge.
the basics are clear.
trump’s “america first” protectionism is inseparable from his diseased politics.
are eu members prepared to take a similar step?
but she should have.
like catherine, putin, hopes to trade off his invasions.
him venom was that of a spurned lover.
in brazil, interest rates remain close to 11%.
the struggle for safe abortion is centuries old.
do they represent western values?
who will rescue the rest of us?
from a broader geopolitical perspective, the situation becomes alarming.
the question, rather, is how to organize society.
such a policy change would be a serious mistake.
digital tools can facilitate effective political organizing.
as susan schwab, president george w.
the implications are serious.
the imf is now under severe attack.
something seemingly resolved and certain in fact is neither.
this was due, above all, to solidarity’s prudent policy.
such reticence is no longer acceptable.
frank replied in the affirmative on the house floor.
of course, fossil fuels brought their own environmental problems.
but despite these calls to action, little has changed.
the james w.
this is a potentially momentous development.
her recent book do fish feel pain?
there are always imbalances and destabilizing power shifts.
so what diplomatic or financial gain was karzai seeking?
keynes' colleague at cambridge university, a.c.
such inconsistency is often a major impediment to development.
but it is western assumptions that need to be questioned.
edinburgh – kofi annan will be mourned on every continent.
tax havens remain numerous, and their regulation anarchic.
xi asserted hers undisputed authority over hers party and country.
the devil will be in the details.
we cannot simply return to the past.
the world is plagued by almost intractable problems.
watanabe gives him son the nudge he needs.
but two basic principles are clear.
unfortunately, the perils for the region’s poor are mounting.
none of this is a surprise.
the vitality of international society depends on dialogue.
but not all of the news is good.
the innovation dilemma is the most contentious issue by far.
at the same time, jobs mobility should replace unwanted migration.
we cannot afford to let that happen.
but the damage had been done.
france is ready to follow, but not to lead.
it can also be produced with much lower emissions.
the second reason is economic.
but that approach seems unwise.
putin, quite genuinely, holds contradictory views.
there is a trade-off between competition and stability.
consider the scale of the proposed plans.
and there are so many other advantages.
this october local elections will be held.
in my view, it has virtually eliminated them.
their strategy worked.
a widening north-south divide.
i am proud to list costa rica among them.
such jobs are a liability for society, not an asset.
greater “burden-sharing” was a rote american demand.
she predicted resistance from those whose privileges would disappear.
but it is unsustainable.
this should not be an impossible scenario.
sales of electric vehicles are setting records.
why does the world consciously choose to help so ineffectively?
trucks would be halted at national borders.
so much for the bad news.
private institutions obviously cannot afford to do that.
fulfilling these ambitions will require efficiency-boosting investments, particularly in infrastructure.
the country is warier of being manipulated.
but spurring entrepreneurial activity will require concerted action from governments.
global citizens do not have similar rights or responsibilities.
that leaves fiscal policy.
most have also experienced bitter conflict and political division.
that sounds far-fetched.
and, decades after lewis l.
berlin – what went wrong with global financial markets?
so what to do?
together with the pro-democracy army chief, gen.
“liberty, equality, and fraternity” is only a historic slogan today.
kirchner appears ready to take on this difficult agenda.
more than a century later, the game continues.
the limits are set by rights.
the bulk of its efforts are dedicated to crisis prevention.
in tough times such as these, money matters.
but this route is going to be costly and painful.
similar criteria could shape municipalities’ food policies, too.
cortes allegedly did it to motivate his troops.
byelorussia’s president aleksander lukashenka seeks closer ties to russia.
it must also expose the contradictions of the leading proposals.
such is the nature of a social science.
lerner pointed out its fallacy years ago.
the two key ingredients seem to be education and values.
all of this implies private ownership of ecosystem services.
well, putin, of course, and yeltsin before him.
the population objection raises a deeper philosophical question.
indeed, it is the most important issue.
in a classical left-right contest she can only lose.
inevitably, open coordination has failed to deliver on its promises.
true, sustained economic convergence eventually requires high-quality institutions.
in the meantime, there is important work to be done.
finally, these networks strive to be sustainable.
indeed, experience shows that there is no substitute.
costs and benefits matter.
what has obama really signaled?
the same can be said of corporations and governments.
consider, for example, the situation in darfur, sudan.
but the experiences are related.
“the pictorial symbol” of the washington consensus, quipped c.
such responses would be serious overreactions.
both chambers of the parliament are reformist.
the protocols of donald j.
these men operate at a significant disadvantage.
there are also subtle abnormalities in brain structure.
their regional environment has become much more unstable and unpredictable.
but why would erdoğan listen?
many would prefer privileged relationships to open trade.
second, unidentified self-limiting growth patterns produce very bad results.
american populism will meet chinese pride.
if i am wearing my shoes, you cannot wear them.
studies are just beginning to estimate the impact.
but little progress has been made.
consider another example: anas, a 13-year-old syrian refugee in lebanon.
germany’s exceptionalism is obvious.
there were two reasons for this.
he reaffirmed him commitment to israeli security.
i found one precedent in early us history.
in mbs, she may have met hers match.
by the next morning, tuychiyev was dead.
democracy is supposedly on the march in the middle east.
now, these economies are part of the problem.
clearly, the global balance of power has changed.
here is an example worth imitating.
her venom was that of a spurned lover.
this is not name-calling.
that inertia is clearly visible in hong kong’s economic statistics.
first, it combines force and diplomacy.
so new risk management institutions need to be devised.
“why insist on pensions?
the benefits extend beyond status.
but there is even more to the story.
the appropriate response to such massive changes is not protectionism.
one is trump’s peculiar obsession with bilateral trade balances.
so much for krugman’s predictions.
but it will not be smooth sailing.
• the first is a reform of unemployment insurance.
and now america will have to face the consequences.
romania is the other extreme.
europe’s current political identity emerged from its recent history.
just look at the statistics.
but it will also increase gdp growth.
this is the underlying dynamic driving corruption in china today.
what if the partners, whether private or charitable, collapse?
i would assess that risk as low.
the result would make the prospective treaty violator think twice.
this is nonsense.
in public, she was nothing but japanese.
holy abuse
restoring the past is not an option.
substance abuse is rampant.
what underpins success in this new and challenging environment?
there are parallel shortcomings in many other markets.
where you live should not determine whether you live.
for americans, 1989 validated everything they already believed.
and environmental degradation is threatening the gains of recent decades.
pulling up the german welcome mat?
she is no longer interested in redrawing lines on maps.
that is an important first step.
new york – sudan is on the threshold of disaster.
trump’s focus on the bilateral trade deficit is, frankly, silly.
“just-enough” functionality makes the equipment affordable without compromising quality.
how to encourage entrepreneurs?
germany, for obvious reasons, will not take the lead.
of this i am certain.
such heroic leaders are unlikely to emerge in normal times.
nevertheless, bush’s initiative is not devoid of virtue.
the consequences of child marriage are lifelong.
will trump be removed from office?
this time, armenia’s chief of civil aviation had sued me.
this is by no means merely a theoretical proposition.
maybe we should even help them.
the answer lies in the eu’s origins.
we have consistently condemned attacks that target innocent israelis.
here is where things get interesting.
can us states right trump’s wrongs?
is there good terror and bad terror?
farage did not bring about brexit all by himself.
the statistics are similar in other developed countries.
this is part of a damaging pattern.
the question still remains: long-term results for whom?
so, who is really the most blinkered during booms?
facebook is betting that libra will trigger a taurus market.
iraq is in flames, with no end in sight.
this is not surprising.
this is their second mistake.
the threat is global in scale.
this is a new european illusion.
who decides what is free and fair?
who, with hindsight, has prophesied correctly?
the unity agenda should include early passage of these bills.
but liang did not commit to such a formal arrangement.
understandably, they do not want to repeat the experience.
thus, whaling is unethical.
one surely that eu diplomacy has sought to bring about.
so let’s treat her like one and part company.
arabic does not have a literal word for secularism.
zhu assessed his progress.
as a result, debt overhangs will remain problematic.
everyone has an agenda, perceived or real.
unfortunately, there has been little progress on either front.
pursued by police, chen went into hiding.
subsidies will not produce efficient high-tech firms.
their struggle for democratic rights is everyone’s struggle.
but such discussions rarely take place.
it has no natural political constituency.
but what lies ahead is really anyone’s guess.
the experience of the last year indicates the opposite.
ending trade in the tools of torture
why?
we are not even close to getting this revolution started.
nonetheless, we cannot simply ignore candidates’ policy promises.
the outcome resembles a shakespeare comedy of confused identity.
putin’s efforts appear to be bearing fruit.
north koreans endure plenty about which outsiders can only speculate.
the us has been central to asia’s success.
time inconsistency strikes again!
putin and xi will do everything to emphasize that.
what would be its work?
and so it did.
many of trump’s goals are unrealistic.
shouldn't there be only one seat for europe?
or is the era of multilateralism at an end?
this “apparent suicide” seemed immediately suspicious to me.
muammar el-qaddafi be overthrown.
and yet renewed war in sudan is not inevitable.
after a five-year hiatus, he has won re-election as president.
but there are dangers in this.
in the long run, it is a losing strategy.
but the fourth quarter was very different.
so which is it?
but that message should be sent to germany, not estonia.
that said, intervention can still be the right course.
indian democracy is cleaner by the year.
so kerala’s government introduced the ban.
but europe could still suffer a hard landing.
smes’ labor productivity is just 35% that of large firms.
unemployment gaps remain wide.
she was that determined and that principled.
one couldn’t exist without the other.
these average rates mask stark differences between countries.
these trends are not easily reversed.
illiberal democracy or undemocratic liberalism?
so he stays, consuming resources that his siblings desperately need.
while these figures are impressive, they remain insufficient.
first, is it really true that nobody believes these stories?
one hopes that they will continue to resist.
a recent example in the us was welfare reform.
the “progressive” component is in taking on major social problems.
since then, the region has never looked back.
the battle against high inflation was won ten years earlier.
the blatant political message is impossible to miss.
the projected path of the wall eliminates palestinian contiguity altogether.
their marketing campaigns are so far yielding only modest returns.
there will be consequences in reconciling these two approaches.
in the us, stock prices have reached near-record highs.
what’s left of confucianism?
outside influences also matter.
they are not alone in this.
the problem is that this “explanation” is statistical.
but this comparison does not bear serious examination.
but governments seem unlikely to overcome their dysfunction anytime soon.
alas, the revolution soon bogged down.
so, an economic slowdown is likely sooner rather than later.
evil does not have a free rein.
yemen, syria, and libya are mired in civil war.
this easter is no different.
but taxes increased for two-thirds of households.
the debate consists in how we define “harm” to others.
first, europe must become a carbon-neutral economy by 2050.
is india ready for full convertibility?
this makes all the difference.
spending on long-term solutions also makes financial sense.
i have written a detailed rebuttal of bollinger’s position.
rainfall patterns are changing.
sixth, the us has geographical advantages that china lacks.
common long-term factors must explain this global phenomenon.
otherwise, a policy-induced hard landing would be difficult to avoid.
yesterday, they felt discriminated against.
is this a bubble that central bankers should worry about?
at best, the past is a field for statistical inquiry.
unfortunately, many arabs, rulers and ruled alike, fell for it.
that should not surprise us.
but the ambition went even further.
finally, japan’s external environment today is more challenging.
these are not rare occurrences.
exports are rising as are after-tax incomes.
liu is not a violent rebel.
just as us president franklin d.
some people saw these changes happening, and worried about them.
intravenous and bladder catheters were neither inserted nor maintained properly.
and now russian troops in the streets of crimea’s cities.
china’s leaders know what is wrong with the country’s economy.
the congressional proposal would reduce the corporate rate to 20%.
but they are the backbone of our country.
and i have no regrets whatsoever.
three decades later, history is back with a vengeance.
even mother nature has played along.
that effort must start now.
but the barriers may also be political.
in a democracy, such personal deals don’t necessarily work.
a few objectives can be excluded from the start.
this means that their interests vary as situations change.
erdoğan now finds himself in a strategic quagmire.
other central banks are expected to follow.
that decision had far-reaching consequences.
what do they stand to win or lose?
plan b comprises two key elements.
did it work?
the ethics council took its investigation seriously.
this distinction is dubious.
putin is not likely to be any more accommodating.
merah probably felt neither french nor algerian.
these models rather simplistically said that demand equaled supply.
cristina loves being compared to hillary.
similarly, more than one-third of the cereal produced is wasted.
the trade war is accelerating this process.
yet perhaps the greatest dilemma concerns human beings themselves.
public institutions refer to the quality of governance.
what it will take is a coordinated, future-oriented investment strategy.
that is greece’s lesson for europe.
it would be like waking from a nightmare.
half of moscow's drivers use licenses bought illegally.
bangkok’s entrenched elite recoiled in alarm.
what lies behind this political opportunism?
the euro, meanwhile, suffered its own crisis.
the transition plan cements that strategic shift.
this neglect is both unwarranted and dangerous.
he said we were fortunate to live in kenya.
to minimize uncertainty, institutional reforms are needed.
equally important, it ignores the actual needs of member countries.
we have a self-imposed embargo.
early retirement policies everywhere stand in clear need of reform.
since september, we have retaken 700 square kilometers of territory.
most are chasing the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
and make no mistake: america has been the big winner.
can india and china stem the deterioration in bilateral relations?
but there were two risks to liquidity-driven asset reflation.
china’s rapid growth has been achieved at extremely high cost.
entrenched patterns of impunity will take decades to overcome.
but imagine if things don't work out this way.
this, too, is consistent with what the model predicts.
he listens carefully and pauses before responding.
another two million have since been added to the tally.
no relationship can flourish if its members feel trapped.
will voters renounce hers racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
are kohavi and varsavski on to something?
that is why the union needs to be radically reinvented.
hate speech and violent ideology are not irrelevant.
europe’s left must still clarify its vision of the future.
true, protectionism remains a dangerous lunacy.
so why is rabies still prevalent?
looking ahead, what are we to think?
we should take her at hers word.
what could replace them?
growing support for extremist political parties.
bush’s electoral defeat was blamed on that supposed betrayal.
and oil-exporting countries doubled the price of oil in 1979.
and spain may be the proverbial canary in a coalmine.
bell, a professor at beijing’s tsinghua university.
his strategy vis-à-vis the eu is tantamount to blackmail.
another factor is declining union membership.
but there were unintended consequences.
a completely decentralized free-for-all would benefit no one.
redressing this imbalance requires a focus on key infrastructure.
is obama right?
internationally, too, some pressure has been building, but not enough.
practically speaking, economic coordination tends to require government action.
such a debate is urgently needed.
an alternative framework would increase revenues and boost growth.
we have the tools needed to beat cholera.
it must never be forgotten.
now it’s america’s turn.
bolivia seems to be in danger of falling apart.
more outrage around the world at american double standards.
appearances and received wisdom, however, can deceive.
true, the secretary general has an unparalleled agenda-shaping authority.
but what if there actually is a fire?
standing out is of course the point.
this is something for wolfowitz’s successor to bear in mind.
his fellow leaders began to think schmidt arrogant.
nonetheless, a sense of nostalgia drove many voters’ decisions.
that’s equivalent to the gdp of the world’s seventh-largest economy.
the sed is one valuable tool in combating protectionist sentiments.
but such agreement is extraordinary.
it will certainly drive governments to pursue more prosaic measures.
myanmar's hiv/aids crisis is now by far southeast asia's worst.
this rhetorical shift is being translated into action.
here, citizens have a critical role to play.
will phillips’s work on wages gave them no choice.
it throws more burden on the individual.
but that is not our situation today.
keep in mind that european integration is a political endeavour.
but the numbers tell a different story.
second, quality of life matters greatly.
cambridge – how did it come to this?
many of these are written down explicitly, often as axioms.
perhaps he might have done more in a second term.
a shocking three million syrian children have now been displaced.
they also contributed to britain’s legitimacy and soft power.
with post-communist restructuring, this modest status evaporated.
but helicopter drops are highly risky.
one involves crisis response.
the same mindset has become apparent among economists and policymakers.
hanley knows manufacturing and tech partners.
but hers softness toward putin remains puzzling.
will the next democratic revolution be egypt’s?
high growth rates were achieved in conditions of stability.
the united nations has also endorsed similar requirements.
lebanon’s experience supports this assessment.
only time will tell if this plan will work: i.e.
almost half (46%) of all intra-regional african migrants are female.
in 2017, europe may learn two more important lessons.
presumably, our attempt at resurrecting it was pathetic and hopeless.
in any case, the actions were temporary.
instead, they must pave the way for further reductions.
the us president is a singular voice in world affairs.
similarly, those who emphasize everything emphasize nothing.
and look how it ended up.
the potential is enormous.
another important issue concerns security.
it really is that simple.
of course, improvements are possible.
no one wants this.
the commission suggests policies that could be implemented sooner.
he sends different diplomats into negotiations with contradictory instructions.
i see two of them.
of course, tension is probably unavoidable as these links develop.
brexit is a part of this larger drama.
will this time be different?
but this increases systemic risk, rather than reducing it.
trump is aggressive with hers opponents, especially in the media.
europe should know where it belongs.
why has there been such little debate in the us?
the timing of the boast was probably not intentional.
but not all chinese economists agree.
none of this is as new as it seems.
in other words, the authorities fueled a bubble.
without major-party backing beyond hers own en marche!
what should the government do?
have we become too flexible?
in eritrea, that number falls to just four years.
twilight of our political gods
the king proposes, they discuss.
the vogue for referendums today reflects distrust of political representatives.
the problem was with what they wanted.
but he must think strategically about the future.
but all this knowledge shouldn’t be free.
yet too often, the world is letting mothers down.
consider china again.
to understand why, let’s start with the cyclical recovery.
to get the sequence of policy adjustments right is vital.
the answer must be partly political.
other data provide a similar picture.
the lesson should be clear.
putin’s aggressive response came as no surprise.
as with many unhappy marriages, divorce is not an option.
their populations are among the largest in the region.
davos man must change.
in poland, a ``joke'' party of malignant intentions is emerging.
but in many places, budgets are stagnating, or even declining.
kenya’s troubles run deeper.
and, indeed, charges have already been brought against several.
but how will relations evolve over the next thirty years?
countries have no right to impose their institutions on others.
kenya is expected to do so soon.
fifth, it is crucial to value equity as opportunity.
they have a personal interest in continuing to live.
nor were hers conservative, nationalist, and pro-american credentials damaged.
austerity became the only game in town.
this president is very much in charge.
by 1977, the organization had a designated ncd division.
but, without growth, the eu’s long-term prospects are grim.
this is certainly feasible, but it will take time.
she was quite right.
hers forecast turned out to be accurate.
and so we shall.
but it was always the same.
despite positive developments, the road ahead is bumpy.
he even suggests that established financial theory is obsolete.
london – wars end when the belligerents give up fighting.
computers are beginning to change the reading process.
china’s coefficient is 0.47.
who, if anyone, is to blame?
consider all that is required.
the defeated candidate, viktor yanukovych, contests the result.
furthermore, some proposals entail no additional funds.
but the second and third reasons look shaky.
but it assumes retaliation, which need not occur.
first, american impatience must be held in check.
but is the fund up to the job?
people, after all, are made of meat.
seoul – south korea is facing major demographic challenges.
geithner is a very smart and experienced public servant.
which way for us-china relations under trump?
moreover, it means preserving financial stability.
cambridge – will they or won’t they?
if they can't instill confidence, controls will complete the picture.
the impact of major technological innovations was poorly understood.
this is why the swiss move comes as a surprise.
invading iraq was not.
to be sure, some low-skill tasks cannot be easily automated.
technology trends are helping modi’s cause.
today, all of india is paying the price.
ingenuity it is.
in tunisia, the regime polishes a reputation for moderation.
it is certainly important to have women at the table.
let national governments take responsibility for their countries' economic performance.
today, ethiopia is peaceful, but drought conditions have returned.
sources: eurostat and international monetary fund.
she must be either evil or a bungler.
here some guess work is required.
the plans are illustrative of myanmar’s pragmatic new outlook.
our first challenge is to democratize globalization.
the second category, df2, would encompass other official flows (oof).
but health systems are.
first, it is truly a global problem.
the us was more the world’s emporium than its imperium.
vietnam should be its model.
marginal participation in the global economy.
what should central bankers do about this inflation-today-versus-inflation-tomorrow tradeoff?
this is what has the capital on edge.
of course, such a choice carries risks.
oil accounts for about 98% of iraq’s current export revenue.
it will reduce the expense of remittances.
will palestinian reconciliation revive the two-state solution?
part of the answer concerns regulation.
they should not be allowed to do so.
in this climate, italy's decline will be difficult to arrest.
theatre is always both symbol and abbreviation.
but we shouldn’t count on that outcome.
and now nato is wrestling with the same question.
the craving for expensive, technologically sophisticated care is noteworthy.
berkeley – first it was the 2007 financial crisis.
what is causing this epidemic and where are we headed?
at the university of chicago in 1971.
can trump turn his presidency around?
liberal world order, r.i.p.
these books tell our history in an odd way.
russian aggression is rattling allies.
much current ad research is focused on identifying disease-modifying therapies.
russia’s destiny lies in the west, not the east.
economic theory takes values as given.
she seems to have no plans.
should he or she pay the government in shares?
reaching this uneasy state has not been easy.
some promises seem to be based on an alternate reality.
such ideas were hardly new.
we are facing more problems with fewer resources.
indeed, mental illnesses can be as fatal as physical ones.
that was a grave mistake.
and many emerging-market countries are in a similar position.
overall, the millennium development goals improved the planet.
rather, it was like the "i love you" billboard.
moral relativism has damaged public life.
should america ever apologize?
governments have a huge role to play.
market pressures compound this worry.
that would be a waste of time.
the reports put pakistan’s political leaders in an awkward position.
winnicott wrote in the early twentieth century.
according to aziz, pakistan was satisfied with the final statement.
british inflation is 2-3% higher than in france or germany.
the majority of lhasa’s population today is no longer tibetan.
that is what young people need from education.
to succeed, both countries will have to overcome entrenched mindsets.
both sides justify their intransigence with one-sided interpretations.
but this confident forecast misses a key point.
in fact, once-unthinkable positions are emerging.
all of this makes for a lethal brew.
coal, like solar energy, is widely available.
settlements demand compromise.
restoring elements of manufacturing competitiveness is hard.
our collective future depends on it.
not surprisingly, israeli officials welcomed pompeo’s declaration.
leasing software and hardware, as ibm initially did, is problematic.
terrorism is not world war iii.
major companies need to accept responsibility for their actions.
many involve the united states.
similar scenarios occurred in many countries in which privatization occurred.
the principles of equity and historical responsibility require no less.
today’s would-be strongmen speak of “popular” or “bolivarian” democracy.
who is right?
but what causes the wars?
fourth, nothing substantive has been done about growth.
not surprisingly, developing countries see things differently.
to succeed, saudi arabia will have to take additional steps.
it was a nervous time for europe.
a new generation of intellectual leaders needed time to emerge.
petersburg, and the leaders of asian countries in vladivostok.
globalization, well and equitably managed, can benefit all countries.
curie faced immense gender barriers during her career.
mosque or modernity?
– that no government wants to reprise at home.
it sets high store by healing.
certainly, gates and buffett claim nothing of the sort.
but is that sufficient grounds to continue commemorating them?
but the challenge is more complex than that.
inviting new members into a consensus-based alliance is always risky.
worst of all, aid is not reaching those most affected.
gender, therefore, must become a focus of ncds prevention efforts.
it is not just a nationalist reaction.
military reform has yet to begin.
girls hold the key to building thriving societies.
there are numerous routes to bezzle and febezzle.
how was this possible?
the issue is complicated further by practical political constraints.
on major issues, the npc must give the green light.
this generates liquidity, which then stimulates gdp growth.
oxford – the united nations is seeking a new secretary-general.
with its special mix of markets and innovation, the u.s.
economy is indeed remaking itself with amazing speed.
but this is where science has something to offer.
today, it is rapidly becoming welfare-dependent.
a lack of self-control can be mistaken for candor.
he didn’t have to.
that is what is now happening in the united states.
there are many successful examples in recent times.
i don’t know, though i have some hunches.
yemen’s unity cannot be guaranteed, either.
all this will not happen overnight.
free capital
kocherlakota is right to be concerned.
as the late thomas k.
so banks require capital as a backstop.
consider the airline business in the united states.
but carney’s replacement is likely to represent a significant departure.
some aspects of the relationship will involve a positive-sum game.
but ignoring shareholder sentiment is becoming untenable.
instability will be greater, not less.
there is an alternative, though.
we succumb to that temptation at our peril.
what would a political settlement look like?
its long-time ceo rem vyakhirev departs next may.
but people need access first and foremost.
how risky is the global economy?
western universities can host more students and faculty.
interpol’s credibility is at stake.
us president george w.
ethiopia is unlikely to be so fortunate.
richer countries do much of the environmental damage.
china will face a choice.
we need a complete re-thinking of the global assistance strategy.
to be sure, there are some gaps in this narrative.
for the first time since 2002, he will.
similar examples of such indifferent cynicism abound.
to be sure, china’s predatory economic practices must be challenged.
that hope soon proved illusory.
fortunately, german policymakers have indicated that they understand this logic.
the scenes of exultant west bank settlers only aggravate this.
the approach seemed to work.
but old right-wing planks formed much of hers platform.
but, heading into 2016, venezuela faces precisely such a scenario.
for the moment, everyone can feel good.
elsewhere, supply constraints are not the problem.
but china shows no willingness to buckle under us pressure.
first, the house of representatives should start impeachment hearings.
analysts and investors have at least two related concerns.
but the kremlin gradually boosted investment in “counter-space” capabilities.
and it should push israel to do the same.
and nowhere is this truer than in the food system.
it struck me how different the mood is now.
there are two worrying aspects of this high rate.
but it hardly bodes well for the region’s stability.
all can work – but only with good management.
both resigned; clinton remained in office.
but that doesn’t invalidate the point.
so it’s not all gloom and doom.
the "representatives" of the peasants are the new landlords.
the prescription, then, is pointless.
what rules will it follow in authorizing issuance?
but who provides security, and how?
recent monthly figures suggest a pick-up in retail sales.
turkey’s neighborhood is our neighborhood; its problems are our problems.
why did trump accept venezuela’s money?
france has more favorable demographics than most other european countries.
this outcome is not inevitable.
the chinese view these goals as both desirable and necessary.
unlocking girls’ potential
-69.984
these are fine words.
but without an anesthesiologist, no operation can be carried out.
but such high surpluses are ultimately impossible to sustain.
the business case for doing so is incontrovertible.
africans barely count in american politics.
the money is there.
now there is the collapse of the greek government.
the european central bank is often viewed as a laggard.
will that conflict be peaceful or violent?
others, including some large environmental groups, support cautious research.
so what happens next?
but the need to avoid treaty amendments rules this out.
unfortunately, us president barack obama’s policy lacks the same cohesion.
germany has done that admirably.
for several years now, europe’s policy leaders have been paralyzed.
back then, egypt was closely aligned with the soviet union.
this inequity long rankled in britain.
as we now know, this is a recipe for disaster.
here, too, creative solutions can be found.
those initiatives had reached more than 420,000 people by 2015.
the surplus has surged for one reason: prudence.
populist movements in other countries show a similar pattern.
can it become a real parliament?
the same may not be true for emerging economies.
of course, it takes two to tango.
does anyone care anymore?
the problem with pushing through a third bailout was twofold.
but, in the latest crisis, kim gained little.
sharing also helps foster commitment to common values.
this requires a two-pronged approach.
this is in stark contrast to the past.
this is not something that it possesses in abundance.
finally, there is the fresh issue of digital security.
experience suggests otherwise.
traditionally, america's republican party stood for balanced budgets.
that the country was unprepared should have been clear.
real estate agents have only leftovers on offer.
here’s how it would work.
but will the ecb see it this way?
both trends make managing terrorism more difficult.
and that demands more and better data.
international communism disappeared not with a bang but a whimper.
blood relatives are, by definition, very similar to one another.
the first issue is swaraj’s use of twitter.
for that, it should be celebrated, not excoriated.
but they are definitely stirring up the politics of fear.
fifth, a voluntary matching mechanism for relocating refugees is needed.
these are important questions.
musharraf must assess what will be hers legacy.
just as importantly, it would reassure chinese policymakers.
in many cases, changes in social attitudes are needed.
china and russia would surely support such a request.
can trump manage north korea?
but one should not underestimate india’s problems.
the stated goal of this policy is to facilitate negotiations.
but why is this a bad thing?
debate was heated.
all the ingredients of a catastrophic outcome were there.
at that point, greece will default.
it also highlights the hazards of the news business.
it depends on taking three key steps.
the question took me aback, yet it was natural.
too big to reform?
from a purely economic point of view, shkreli is right.
where is their support coming from?
how will we weather the next round of global turbulence?
the nomination will go through this afternoon.
so said dr.
victor frankenstein when hers “creation” was complete.
debt restructuring would have given europe the reset it needed.
china’s economic and military power is rising.
should this newest attempt fail, things will soon get serious.
a fractured eu would unleash untold dangers.
poor 2012 corporate financial results will further undermine credit ratings.
but it is in everyone’s interest.
instead, each proposal faced its own opposition.
yet the reality is less reassuring.
but all of this is starting to change.
central banking has lost its way.
liberal democracy is only a recent invention.
the heroine of this effort, dr.
iranian politics is much harder to read.
but central banks cannot do it alone.
yet chinese governance has not exactly been beyond reproach.
fortunately, government support for effective action is growing.
i shall continue my support for that foundation.
but the allies wouldn’t negotiate with the kaiser.
so africa needs foreign capital.
and what do they want?
indeed, is a new cold war looming?
i have learned two lessons from this experience.
kostunica, however, is a sensible politician.
the second problem is the international financial panic.
alfonsín ordered military leaders tried for their crimes.
economic reality is reinforced by political reality.
this claim is not supported by the evidence.
the eu must not kowtow to his demands.
moreover, that learning process has been seriously contaminated.
this state of affairs might have continued.
to be “developed” means to be industrialized and urbanized.
this is simply unsustainable.
western policy should seek to frustrate this strategy.
britain’s strategic future rests on this choice.
but progress to date should be acknowledged, if not celebrated.
whenever germany pushed détente with russia too far, tensions flared.
but it will not be enough.
in europe, the picture is also mixed.
syria’s civil war has occurred in two phases.
but the attack would have come from investors, not regulators.
who really creates value in an economy?
at worst, the argument is just plain wrong.
businesswomen don’t need low inflation to expand production.
he called the kosovo liberation army (kla) a terrorist organization.
we have written stories, songs, and sonnets.
start with the alchemists’ case.
in fact, the g-8 displayed two approaches.
formation of a radical democratic opposition was much surer.
but progress has mostly stalled.
europe’s leaders sought it in integration.
to that end, japan needs to invest more in education.
her meetings became more electric, her discourse more brutal.
and it did pick up a month after my resignation.
resolving this normative controversy will take a very long time.
will it work?
a second structural adjustment concerns regulatory reform.
the south’s loudspeaker broadcasts drove the point home.
the challenge is to help communities accelerate change.
nowadays, the euro elicits reluctant acceptance, not passion and conviction.
the answer lies in the most insidious soviet heritage.
the reality is very different.
they do business in whatever country is most advantageous.
restructuring the chinese economy is a long-term project.
to be sure, enormous uncertainties remain.
why should you be burdened?
where might that revolution come from?
the arab maghreb union could be revived.
that describes the global situation today.
but they are very different.
for many nowadays, redistribution has become a dirty word.
how many mining accidents were there?
in 2013, miller’s official salary totaled $25 million.
where do we go from here?
the authors find another intriguing effect, too.
unfortunately, that may not be enough.
the result would be the fed’s worst nightmare.
iran is a would-be imperial power that seeks regional primacy.
but most hope that such a crisis never happens again.
things are not turning out as planned.
all well and good.
an air of solemnity envelops him.
she will be returning as russia’s president next year.
ghana, a newer democracy than senegal, is an illuminating example.
income inequality casts a long shadow.
this severely damaged the government’s credibility.
the global fund’s remarkable successes result from its operational procedures.
maintaining a 17-member monetary union is no longer a given.
as sudan’s referendum approaches, the world holds its breath.
no country wants to be outside of this global process.
the paradigm change in medicine will be similarly radical.
and that is clearly a serious problem.
but today japan is more vulnerable.
who has space for renewables?
unfortunately, that does not measure up to economic reality.
it could work.
but there is one glimmer of hope.
in fact, olmert’s weak and discredited government may yet survive.
meanwhile, china’s shadow-banking system has expanded at an unprecedented rate.
supporting immigration also has an added moral appeal.
all this is about to change.
there were hindus, muslims, and christians.
american violence is rooted in history.
the greek government has shown that it understands this.
consumers of cheap clothing from china will be worse off.
this a particularly poignant case.
the world should be angry, too.
climate change and global finance are not our only crises.
how long must we be prisoners of that historical experience?
nicaragua faces a hugely complex future.
in the dim light, i saw a man poolside.
such indifference is not only foolish, it is dangerous.
but that would be foolish.
key officials reject requests to be interviewed without explanation.
american politicians are now brand names, packaged like breakfast cereal.
it was well used.
why has india’s growth acceleration fizzled?
ethnic profiling is illegal in europe.
this explanation is convenient to european and u.s.
banks because it gets them off the hook.
“that’s what’s very obviously necessary right now.
opinion polls show an improvement in its international reputation.
the list of unconventional measures has been extensive.
today, both factors have changed.
newspapers published in gigantic numbers.
the policy she proposed was the work of jean monnet.
of course, sentiment can go in both directions.
but it is vastly more complicated.
but no policy will work without greater engagement by men.
the time has come to save capitalism from the capitalists.
but there are many possible reasons for voting.
but, having lost, hers achilles’ heel has been exposed.
instead of being over, his troubles are only starting.
but that did not happen in this case.
it is an historical necessity.
only 20% believe that talent matters.
there is a recent precedent for this.
as europe’s strongest economy, germany suddenly was forced to lead.
but she will need a sense of the required reforms.
but i suspect it is older than that.
or will he be too ill to participate?
president james k.
the egyptian revolution is political thus far, not economic.
two of the organizers were sentenced to death.
much has been said of president george w.
bush’s american-led “crusade” to bring democracy to the muslim world.
we treat them with respect, or they kill us.
today’s europeans should take note.
romney has provided few details about his deficit-reduction plan.
when compared to the everest dilemma, this argument makes sense.
today’s italian catholic political leaders often embrace such a lifestyle.
hers is an abnormal candidacy.
if they live that long.
but the economic and social costs are very high.
no functioning relationship could come from that.
europe thus urgently needs a powerful, integrated cybersecurity agency.
but this should be seen in historical perspective.
but bandera’s men were nationalists with no allies.
education helps to build that world.
europe’s policy towards russia is in even worse shape.
for the eu, this is a pivotal moment.
this was pleasing to see.
likewise, polygamy is illegal in france.
“nirvana” is defined as the state of freedom from suffering.
when people are healthy, everyone benefits.
all of this bodes well for the herzog-livni alliance.
as it stands, the answer is none at all.
afterwards, the liquidated, formerly over-indebted banks could be sold.
analysis was also weak.
austerity is not the culprit.
businessmen, media moguls, and architects all flock there.
consider the tortured discussions surrounding hungary’s 2018 parliamentary election.
it is also profitable.
nevertheless, free speech is not absolute.
but more generally, the pundits simply ran with the crowd.
but circumstances are also quite different today.
seasoned european observers play down the significance of the show.
china now confronts three structural imbalances.
mexico’s “opportunity” program performs a similar function.
but that’s not all.
the system finally collapsed in 1971.
but it is still mainly a pledge.
sadly, we know all too well how that story ended.
once in office, she did precisely the opposite.
what about the output gap?
like most committee chairs, they have significant agenda-setting power.
sarkozy's maverick ways could save france.
now he has won yet again.
drought, floods, and landslides have become commonplace.
not in europe.
yet this policy demands a commitment for the long haul.
who was in charge?
but non-americans' schadenfreude is misguided.
perhaps initially europeans should be cautious.
today’s npt comes close to reflecting such conditions.
such double-talk is misguided.
first, these men tend to be awash in debt.
the contrast with matters of peace and security is stark.
but that role is often misunderstood.
in my interview, i highlighted the successes of abenomics.
if so, can they be implemented beyond the village level?
why would anyone care about this?
iraq remains a state without a common nation.
and it is highly personal.
it could well deteriorate into that; the potential is there.
this injected significant momentum into global climate efforts.
now is no time for indifference.
peacekeeping has had its ups and downs.
for if they don’t believe in europe, who will?
but combating the informal economy requires international cooperation as well.
in other words, price stability reigns in the eurozone.
but public diplomacy is not diplomacy itself.
serbia recently surrendered mladić’s war-time diaries.
equally problematic is china’s alarming gender imbalance.
the damage from regime change in iraq has been substantial.
they prefer to be ruled from brussels than from rome.
and that is real progress.
but trials are rarely perfect.
the problems are too complicated.
roosevelt’s “new deal,” which pitted “trust-busters” against regulators.
but there is more to the move than that.
something strange happened in europe's election campaigns this year.
us leadership in asia is a double-edged sword.
rapprochement between christians is today a moral and political imperative.
aristide’s government was ousted under highly contested circumstances in 2004.
they have to be defeated.
but it is also a closed environment.
two accounts, both broadly socio-political, stand out.
finally, many of these flawed growth patterns involve fiscal distress.
the return of japan
and she was not wrong.
the second change concerns kim’s successor.
leave delegation to complex technical matters.
where is nato’s front line?
but we need to act quickly – and together.
the first is the rise of a sino-centric asia.
the world has a lot riding on america’s election.
this is not irrelevant ancient history.
let me return to these later on.
what accounts for these neighbors’ reversal of political fortune?
wang is no saint.
this would amount to a calculated bet.
the audience screamed wildly, “putin, go home!” until he did.
fortunately, what needs to be done is not complicated.
poland is an important country within the union.
what are the implications of genetic screening for family planning?
furthermore, the troika made three mistakes.
dimona is no chernobyl.
no nation or world leader can solve these problems alone.
they crave prestige.
this kind of “security” is not sufficient.
but a lot of adjustment remains to be completed.
the eu must embrace him and everything he stands for.
yet pmfis had succeeded by meeting a genuine need.
fortunately, this problem, too, can be resolved.
it also means more market-friendly economic policy.
are the eurozone’s struggles finally becoming too much to bear?
markets need not stand in our way.
the united states is a case in point.
panic ensued and credit stopped circulating.
yes, the economic news has been and remains grim.
in fact, it already has.
she did one great thing: resolving the cuban missile crisis.
europe cannot afford to be taken in by it.
the genie is out of the bottle.
to complicate matters, the lag works in both directions.
but recent experience suggests that quickest is not best.
time is short.
it is not a question of stimulus versus deficit.
the timing and setting of the crime are telling.
there is, of course, a long road ahead.
how, you might ask, can i say this?
first, there will be a significant drag on world growth.
words fail me.
to be sure, each threat on its own seems containable.
every country has a responsibility to help those in need.
the most important one was american leadership.
mandela epitomized this rare gift.
the us, however, may not have felt the same.
would the world be better for women?
the eu supposedly expresses it.
the momentum created by milosevic’s overthrow needs to be maintained.
how do we tell if this is happening, economically?
consider the influence of feminist movements throughout the west.
berlin – one can only feel sorry for greece.
besides, turning back the clock is impossible.
the continent appeared in continuous turmoil.
so who can putin iii be?
yesterday was not as good as we remember it.
the chief executive issued his order accordingly.
without it, him family might have risked going hungry.
both egypt and syria are prime examples of this.
nor, on balance, has liberalization of capital flows stabilized consumption.
the most recent example is france.
the fifth area that democrats must address is taxation.
one day, many may return to their homeland.
thus, the world economy may dodge yet another potential catastrophe.
their stones – their products – are often discarded.
that explains hers focus on combating corruption.
where does this leave american women?
the british are not alone.
countless people have simply disappeared, traumatizing families and communities.
but he did not.
but there are two views of its significance.
if they are right, boko haram will continue to thrive.
so what measures are needed to get it right?
imagine urban geography as an archipelago .
he is right.
but the case for openness has become harder to make.
that is the bad news.
slowly but surely, the next china is coming into focus.
and the united states never even ratified the agreement.
do we really "develop" leaders or countries?
the big outsider is the united kingdom.
fiscal sustainability is also crucial.
this began to change in the 1960s and 1970s.
consider four familiar situations.
but the decision lies only partly with governments themselves.
the economy is showing signs of over-heating.
there are already signs of what the future holds.
in many places, hatred of jews thrives.
the problems with this approach should be apparent.
if one building floods, it is more likely to stand.
china’s deteriorating loan quality is also reminiscent of japan’s experience.
but typical nationalistic slogans were not enough this time.
some day, russia might again be a threat.
this news went viral.
not much room for doubt there.
even so, some economists still advocate more fiscal stimulus.
the euro at ten
why is this troubling?
it was only $198 per capita in the cis.
more neoliberal ideology won’t help.
but what is the natural level?
at these rates, brazil is heading for bankruptcy.
however, the eu treaty recognizes public policy exceptions.
unanswered questions abound.
the regime is now facing its moment of truth.
yet, since that time, greenhouse-gas emissions have continued to soar.
older citizens choose between heat, medicine, and food.
autocratic rule in islamic countries tends to strengthen jihadist forces.
but there are two dangers in america’s forthcoming debate.
economic populism, by contrast, is occasionally necessary.
make no mistake: europe’s migration problem is not going away.
can he recover?
jerusalem: the european union has failed once again.
but european unity faces significant limits.
shale gas and oil have brought an energy bonanza.
the repair systems themselves help protect us from cancer.
and it has made things much harder for hollande.
indeed, france and germany do not get along naturally.
during this period, the right disintegrated.
and the problems of pakistan fester next door.
there are two solutions to this problem.
today’s russian crisis is not economic, but political.
but a signature does not mean sincerity.
syria will be an even more important test.
in germany, debt restructuring would be the most controversial component.
ecosystems and other species were also hit.
we know from experience that competition works.
the world needs fewer hedgehogs and more foxes.
our lending can provide breathing space for countries in difficulty.
that would help no one.
the first is to keep hezbollah away from the border.
they just cannot seem to devise a more palatable one.
pakistan’s new leaf?
and the ice will continue to melt.
a blunt axe serves no society well.
what are america’s objectives in the middle east?
but which institutions are creating this systemic risk?
so did about 95% of registered australian voters.
holding the meeting in cuba is a clever calculation.
but there are clouds on the horizon.
the matter was complicated, and his concern wasn’t confidentiality.
doing so requires taking three, sometimes uncomfortable, steps.
egypt has no such democratic model.
far from it.
the public is eager for cleaner air, rivers, and land.
shale-energy production boosts the economy and creates more jobs.
the most dramatic increase, though, is in investment.
south america is outside the world’s main value chains.
but it has suffered a similar fate.
chinese wisdom offers another helpful perspective.
nonetheless, public investment, particularly in infrastructure, took a hit.
i have a suggestion.
it takes two and a half hours by train.
mortgages are available at outrageously high interest rates.
of course, the englishnization of companies is not easy.
we can make good use of both.
hayek demands more austerity, keynes more spending.
in poland, this split is growing and becoming dangerously undemocratic.
but enlargement also creates new opportunities.
many more may soon join them.
and who compensates affected communities and workers?
that is shocking, and must be taken seriously.
online education is transforming the classroom experience as well.
contraception indisputably brings health and socioeconomic benefits.
here is a useful practical task it might take on.
the empress had no clothes.
fortunately, there is another way.
but that acknowledgement of reality does not end the drama.
nonetheless, supervisory bodies favor mergers to save banks in trouble.
a japanese metamorphosis?
such an outcome appears to be very likely.
here are some of the initial conclusions.
state spending in this category can be significant.
under koizumi’s leadership, insolvent banks were made whole again.
and existing governance structures are inadequate to improve the situation.
this is an inconvenient fact for the progressive economist.
will a vocal contingent of nationalist-populists disrupt every sitting?
choices must be made, and choices matter.
but we can take inspiration from clinton’s effort.
a new approach is needed.
such monopoly pricing should be ended.
making fiscal money work
is it effective?
the analogy is apt.
the uncertainties about climate change are many and great.
but the nations of the region are not.
there are several problems with this argument.
of course, it’s neither easy nor obvious.
advertisers are looking for one big idea.
but american power has peaked.
unless this is corrected, millions of people will die unnecessarily.
that trend is set to continue.
“just in case,” she likes to say.
not every entrepreneur will be successful.
in a certain sense, arafat is the palestinian authority (pa).
the us should leave iraq quickly.
what happens in russia is mainly determined by russians.
why leave office now?
and, indeed, the controversy is far from over.
but, can we wait?
but russia wishes them success.
this is especially true in europe.
good examples have emerged from africa, too.
co-existence is the key.
the “second republic” is yet to be born.
but, shortly after the vote, signs of trouble became visible.
instead, boreholes are getting deeper and water tables are falling.
that approach failed.
in some ways, bannon was right to think so.
plebiscitary democracy is different from parliamentary democracy.
europe’s leaders also need to restore trust.
hers rhetoric about openness is not mere political posturing.
the worst prohibition is the prohibition to think.
plans for constitutional reform are already on the table.
on the contrary, everything becomes brighter.
a ceasefire will not accompany the talks.
the first is a call for more "flexibility".
the swedenization of europe
why?
the substance of the china dream remains difficult to determine.
the tragedy is that these deaths are almost entirely preventable.
whatever happens, the effects will reverberate globally.
the international community has a role to play as well.
economists and cynics are not surprised.
such programs have been shown to be transferable.
that result should chill the bones of all eu leaders.
this effort backfired.
the list of revelations and absurdities goes on and on.
another negative scenario is military rule.
the world can afford the needed investment.
increased domestic consumption is also pushing china’s economy ahead.
few are laughing now.
a week later, gen.
rato would not even make the first cut.
and the pressure is on.
unity is supposed to be a foundation of prosperity.
but what is necessary is not sufficient.
where to build trump’s wall?
his national security adviser, mcgeorge bundy, fueled johnson’s fears.
what, they asked, could russia possibly fear from ``yellow monkeys''?
it is hugely expensive.
possibly both are true.
bliss it was to be alive in those days.
they occur in times of rising expectations.
hence, she could not accept america’s awkward pro-democracy agenda.
these opposing perspectives can be reconciled.
previously, only large shareholders had participated in these gatherings.
how fragile are emerging markets?
so deficits grow.
it is a universal good that all must seek.
nor is this simply an east asian phenomenon.
yet the un should not be written off.
but times are changing.
yemen is the yemeni people.
so why did central america's leaders sign the agreement?
cooperation and consensus are hard to find.
but thiswon’t get the economy going again quickly.
although former us president george w.
cambridge – will venezuela default on its foreign bonds?
the same, of course, has happened to politics.
bush's steel tariff of 2001.
and so on.
the dynamics of the negotiations themselves have changed fundamentally.
coordinated national actions are not the same as unilateralism.
opportunities start at birth – or not.
the same thing will happen everywhere because of the internet.
the results ranged from good to spectacular.
first, companies are concerned about future demand for their products.
economists have never been fond of the wto’s antidumping rules.
understanding is intrinsic to reconciliation.
she asked why.
and yet china’s behavior merits stronger us action now.
but that has not happened.
a billion don’t have clean drinking water.
seven misconceptions or fallacies stand out.
(for example) will buy mailstrom.
but selecting the most important measures will not be easy.
the berlin wall fell within 30 years of its construction.
in the last two years, deficits and debt have stabilized.
that will require automation.
despair is dangerous in diplomacy.
of course, there are risks to this rosy scenario.
what are we betting on?
he assumed responsibilities beyond his strength.
no actual threat need be made.
but americans are in no mood to celebrate.
this is a matter of japan first.
this represents an encouraging first step.
in calculus the opposite of integration is differentiation.
another world is possible.
finally, schmidt was a true european.
moreover, commercialization of argan oil creates mixed conservation incentives.
this surely must be one of the eu’s objectives.
it required concerted political action.
no investor wanted to be the last one out.
that war takes many forms.
tellingly, utterances by “talking” apes proved to be exceedingly egocentric.
now for the bad news.
petersburg in his place.
and they gave us the electoral college.
new york – why did she do it?
but this misreads the economics of energy.
up-front gradualism must be the name of the game.
population growth has been slowing since the late 1960’s.
but any solution in afghanistan depends on eliminating its opium.
so regulations must become international in scope.
schizophrenia affects about 1% of people all over the world.
providing a price list helps elevate the conversation about priorities.
and what has putin gotten for his efforts?
rato would not even make the first cut.
perhaps it did.
for many, france has long been the epitome of meritocracy.
polish officials proposed a similar religious test.
and jews everywhere else will be blamed by association.
their economies are booming.
a ceasefire in aleppo cannot be postponed any further.
the only natural historical analogy is the great depression itself.
ultimately, these practices literally mine the life out of soils.
will the meek inherit russia?
california is leading the way in these efforts.
can the euro be saved?
but this dynamic runs in both directions.
there are two other disturbing aspects to the drone affair.
none of this is to minimize china’s enormous challenges.
let us hope that i’m wrong about today’s political paralysis.
this stubbornness made matters worse when things finally fell apart.
countries that face ethnic divides are not invited to join.
the european union seems safe – for now.
putin’s russia is essentially about the kremlin and the bureaucracy.
and, as it happens, russia’s jewish community is thriving.
others fear they go too far, too fast.
but in american politics, surprisingly, there has been progress.
the new legislation makes america’s tax system even more regressive.
moreover, the number of orthodox jews continued to grow apace.
but, increasingly, the opposite is true.
the bottom line is this: expect no surprises from germany.
that was the best of him.
but today is not that day.
the third fault line lies between france and germany.
but what is their alternative?
but russia’s respect for sovereignty has notable limits.
corporate sin is not unknown in the us.
and so we do.
she died shortly thereafter.
instead, many economies followed communism itself into collapse.
it is time to change that.
but this need not be the case.
can the world economy be far behind?
the important thing is to get started.
trade facilitation offers a development dividend for all countries.
the word “effectiveness” often implies immediate actions and results.
instead, we should be remedying our own deficiencies.
mexico, too, has begun to mobilize significant technological prowess.
and these are just two broad examples.
what will its implementation mean in practice?
einstein’s fame is indeed puzzling.
gaza cannot be treated as a separate entity.
media saturation obviously makes a critical difference.
why were even relatively well-run economies pulled under so suddenly?
chinese rebalancing suggests that this may well be the case.
this risk of backsliding is real.
but, if anything, it is exactly the other way around.
the g-8’s seven democratic countries should use the st.
the financial incentive has boosted vaccination rates but only modestly.
consider higher education.
but not all producers will lose equally.
responses to a crisis fall into two categories.
it would seem that some other lessons are needed.
the uncertainties do not end with macroeconomic interactions.
but that is what europe is doing.
but minor diplomatic breakdowns continue to threaten the relationship.
reform of the southern african customs union is long overdue.
and therein lies the trouble.
toronto – africa has a long history of female leadership.
what will decide nicaragua’s fate?
not openly, but certainly in the corridors.
development policy should be open and collaborative.
saddam's brutality within iraq also served hers neighbors' purposes.
but nothing has been solved, and unemployment continues to rise.
but as a means to job creation there are questions.
so we need to move to allocations for each country.
although the students’ passion is admirable, their focus is misguided.
treasury bureaucrats have remained predictably anti-european ever since.
crowd-sourcing, together with one’s digital history, can intuit buying habits.
the alternative is clear: more death on peru’s environmental frontiers.
the benchmark for this study is admittedly far from ideal.
the answer to the first question is unequivocal.
the us has taken a similarly stubborn line.
christmas was over, until december 24 the following year.
but that need not be the case.
this is a good thing.
ending central-bank intervention in currency markets is a complex issue.
we can end it in december 2002.
but this need not be the case.
doesn’t have to follow its users across the web.
it takes nerve and energy to live like that.
by contrast, adherents of the dr.
this approach carries two fundamental risks.
several factors have contributed to this decline.
this capital has to be invested somewhere.
unfortunately, the "united economic space" promises no such benefits.
consider martin wolf, a columnist at the financial times .
then it offered to take on redesigning the computer itself.
increasingly, california has been exercising these constitutional rights.
this frequently occurs in times of rapid economic change.
this was followed by a recapitalization of the banking sector.
for starters, like president george w.
so, when president george w.
even the eurozone’s macroeconomic imbalances largely went unnoticed.
the root causes of india’s agrarian distress must be addressed.
these indicators reflect chronic problems.
lifetime prevalence for schizophrenia was estimated at 1.7%.
the public health system is in disarray.
you can have your wishes fulfilled too completely.
this would greatly improve the sustainability of these countries’ debt.
indeed, merkel’s room for maneuver will be reduced.
finally, the welfare state needs a serious overhaul.
two channels are at work, one internal and one external.
international comparisons of corruption are not flattering.
a person of integrity does not behave dishonestly.
is there a right to secede?
as it happens, they were also more predictive than gender.
a second component is political will and timing.
that remains true today.
solutions do exist.
big companies, from banks to airlines, are contributing as well.
will america really let its public infrastructure continue to deteriorate?
gender inequality also remains pervasive.
is winter coming to the eu?
they are a diverse group of people.
islamic evangelism
who will run the world’s deficits?
borodin and khobragade are not aristocrats.
all have concluded that “contractual remedies” simply do not suffice.
the refugee crisis has also changed domestic priorities.
but europe’s refugee crisis is also a business problem.
what to do with doing business?
the election meddling also represented a significant risk for russia.
the us auto industry is up in arms.
no surprise, then, that financial markets are worried.
europe and north america do retain a fundamental common outlook.
shrinking budgets are also damaging established scientists.
but europeans cannot afford to remain aloof.
unfortunately, the management didn’t change.
indonesia's democratic miracle
malaria is caused by a mosquito-transmitted parasite.
only the polish constitution prevented an outright ban.
america's appallingly low savings rate.
europe’s neighborhood is poor and dangerous.
today, suu kyi is burma’s paramount leader.
now that nirvana is over, where will growth come from?
at first glance, a “surgical” strike may look tempting.
with this comes real geo-political heft.
nowadays, however, a cyclical collapse comes as a great surprise.
over time the un was transformed by two factors.
we can help with that.
but not that much more cost.
macron’s economic ideas resist easy characterization.
the same happens even if you read philosophy, say, husserl.
the immediate political results of this new connectivity are tenuous.
censorship is unlikely to solve the problem.
what’s been stopping the left?
reclus’s ideal was visionary, if premature.
what europe needs are european politicians.
the benefits are huge.
fixed-asset investment is the most important engine of china’s growth.
history, for some, seemed to have come to an end.
they are right.
one proposal calls for taxing national and international financial transactions.
addressing them will require a broad range of policy interventions.
another military coup is their unspoken answer.
manila – visitors are often catalysts for change.
it was built around a set of shared values.
the potential implications of this threat are disputed.
european member states have already begun engaging juncker’s framework.
people are understandably nervous about geoengineering.
that alone should be reason enough for abe to act.
once we recognize the problem, solutions can be found.
the same is true of europe.
india has a strong health-care system.
as with greece, democratic consolidation was at stake.
finally, there is the question of values.
another, perhaps deeper reason is power.
the emerging world has also been active.
poverty and under-development undermine security and democracy.
why do cities become unaffordable?
in part, this reflected the new regime’s cruelty.
the phenomenon is not limited to the united states.
discredited businesses cannot be replaced overnight.
that might be beginning to happen.
hers deregulatory policies are blatantly biased against workers and unions.
that has now changed.
all eyes are focused right now on the immediate crisis.
so is the world itself.
income measured in ppp helps to avoid this problem.
scholars have demonstrated the truth of this.
i was not a professional politician.
it is the deepest countryside.
sweden never considered the proposal.
this can and should be achieved by 2018.
one particular impediment is high-seas governance, or the lack thereof.
but that would be mostly wrong.
and democracy must be reinforced by two chambers of parliament.
but there would be much less private business as well.
the chances of a peaceful settlement vanish.
of course, not all countries are pluralistic democracies.
the eu is as much to blame as the kremlin.
we were among the first to practice political tolerance.
that is the middle east’s situation in a nutshell.
this can be accomplished in two ways.
i have never encouraged others to become refugees.
efforts to do so usually ended disastrously.
and what about the third way?
the european union desperately needs a growth strategy.
this trend is not exclusive to france.
bond-market crashes have actually been relatively rare and mild.
all these qualities have counterparts in politics.
here the inquisitors are part cost accountant, part thought police.
but what system failed?
signs of default stress are already showing.
but there is another potential explanation, rooted in evolutionary psychology.
decades of misrule and deprivation deepened religious and ethnic divisions.
aig was a mega-insurer.
but freeloading is not the whole story.
commercial banks are ranked by assets.
in this case, maximizing profit leads to maximizing social welfare.
more important, was the decision to invade rightly made?
it is what makes cultural evolution possible, cumulative, and powerful.
it has received little real help from the west.
among these priorities, one of the most important is education.
second, measurement issues may be clouding investment figures.
nor should we exaggerate the economic impact of leaving.
the alternative model to british constitutionalism was ancien régime france.
this may not be a bad thing.
markets, of course, do not exist in a vacuum.
in the 1960s, it was one of asia’s fastest-growing economies.
this sort of potential is becoming big business.
a new-model trump?
so there are clear positive outcomes.
so decisive legislative action becomes more challenging.
she is also a serious political player.
only time will tell.
we have danced in swan lake.
but disaster does not wait.
calderón took office in december 2006 under adverse circumstances.
these points are particularly germane for the hardest-hit economies.
bethlehem’s cuisine is also a treasure.
citations contextualize research and help to orient the reader.
the committee requested it from the soviet government.
this includes even japan, china's traditional rival.
the euroless union?
the bangladeshi government is now fast-tracking this expansion.
some of them are merely symbolic.
but loud voices need not be the most effective.
one key problem is cost.
the massive reserves notwithstanding, coal is still a finite resource.
stem cells cannot become a baby.
king is not to be feared just for his words.
will america’s widening fiscal deficit alter this perception?
one in eight americans depends on food stamps to eat.
but the us managed to avoid a systemic crisis.
sound market-based thinking has driven their domestic economic policies.
but we shouldn’t count on it.
after all, she herself incarnates the american dream.
the government's budget targets are more than met.
this is not a time for retreat, indifference, or despair.
but much more needs to be done.
nor is putin shy about hers intentions in syria.
the third united nations sustainable development goal (sdg3) addresses health.
there is competition, but of a different sort.
every drought must therefore be confronted locally, addressing local realities.
there are, however, times when collective action is needed.
some south koreans, for starters.
these warnings may produce setbacks in world stock markets.
unprecedented heatwaves in australia and india, with temperatures above 50°c.
huge forest fires across northern russia.
bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
that allows them to finance bold, innovative ideas.
this good faith must continue no matter what obstacles arise.
unfortunately, financial analysts are usually poorly trained in economics.
they can get started today.
last september, however, financial conditions changed suddenly in hong kong.
political economy undoubtedly remains important.
this complicates matters enormously.
the best way to minimize fear is to manage risks.
but one-party rule breeds complacency, corruption, and political sclerosis.
but is it doing enough?
trade and foreign investment began to trump everything else.
and yet turkey scares countless europeans.
my fourth point addresses accountability and transparency.
but it might end up being his greatest achievement.
whose war on terror?
however, it is a tired slogan even by chinese standards.
unformed laws are directly related to unformed ideas.
when the crosses fade, the fathers repaint them.
national sovereignty is becoming an ever more elusive concept.
yet kant imagined our present reality of flourishing liberal democracies.
at a certain point, the bubble bursts, and everyone sells.
but formulating such rules requires some careful economic thought.
nobody should be surprised to see trade tensions.
worse yet, it misleads us into counterproductive economic policies.
the future of europe’s banking system depends on it.
now, europe is suffering the consequences of that faustian bargain.
something is very wrong with this picture.
all of this looks like classic right-wing revanchism.
in italy, they may well command a majority.
global management is urgently needed to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
growth still matters.
the luddites’ rampage was at its height in 1811-12.
a global "new deal"?
prostate cancer is a case in point.
transparency is my best protection under totalitarianism.
but the engine has stalled.
the united europe of tomorrow?
this commentary was revised on may 26, 2016.
· finely manipulating things with small muscles.
instead of csr, we should have psr (personal social responsibility).
the question of procedures concerns constitutional design.
recovery from such a shock is a long process.
that is the easy part.
so lula's odds do not look particularly high.
and there are plenty of opportunities.
yet few analysts today would bet on sarkozy’s re-election.
soes were determined to defend their privileges.
over time, the real prices of machines continued to fall.
it isn’t only us politics that has become inescapable.
a country in recession or depression does not inspire confidence.
today, the euro faces a fork in the road.
belarus is another potential victim of putin’s revanchist campaign.
after all, there is nothing magic about the number zero.
it is imperative to regain control of this territory.
their relationship with the press is similar.
what returns will they demand?
the second level of cyber threat is against chosen individuals.
america’s period of dominance also turned out to be short-lived.
so much for a unified eu stance.
universities must remain fora for free inquiry and debate.
many people become sycophants of power willingly.
outside all was glitter, excess, posturing, and brand names.
in the end, the alternatives to adjustment are not soft.
how do we know which stories were affecting people’s thinking?
the board’s selection criteria include some of the essential points.
but they are wrong.
nato's attack satisfies neither pre-condition.
russia came second in both regards.
the longer-run impact is thus different and much less negative.
but can she lead?
the noose tightens.
clearly, chinese households have plenty of room for more borrowing.
and putin will have to pay it, too.
the “russian factor” will strongly influence the campaign.
children can no longer go to their schools.
the russian people might be horrified and frightened.
first, low-productivity sectors shed labor.
the result is the intensification of economic dualism.
consumption is the goal; production is the means to it.
asean members conduct almost 50% of their trade within asia.
this trend has gathered momentum in recent months.
careful sequencing of reforms is critical to ultimate success.
that situation is dire enough.
she chose what to her passed for a muslim identity.
caplin’s discussant, joseph gyourko of the wharton school, concurred.
today, russia’s rulers have never looked more arbitrary and illegitimate.
such an outcome looks entirely possible.
but what is that mandate?
consider the current session, which began on august 1.
parts of china are poor, and parts wealthy.
for the fed, the problem is less severe.
nixon intrinsically distrusted multilateralism.
morsi and the sisterhood also faced competition from saudi-backed salafists.
he kept his country out of war.
if “neoliberalism” has failed, what comes next?
but the hungarian regime needs international impunity as well.
palestinian officials were at first suspicious of the initiative.
this may well be true.
and it will hurt all of us.
indeed, kosovo has become a petri dish for international intervention.
the most afflicted countries are in a depression.
in principle, the taiwan issue need not lead to conflict.
but there is a way to do so.
e-tailing, for example, began with a cash-on-delivery business model.
will banks and financial markets recover in 2009?
neither side is interested in escalation or a breakdown.
the efficacy of high demand was a matter of faith.
meanwhile, the annual per capita environmental cost is $318.
first and foremost, what is the policy’s ultimate objective?
a similar debate is taking place in sweden.
but their stance may actually increase this danger.
smith 42 or already 43?
indeed, over time their ability to bring results diminished.
they have so much to lose.
it mobilized millions of people.
there are three million such individuals.
every killing is a human tragedy.
“uncertainty” about economic policy is another possible source of hesitation.
but he is accelerating the process dramatically.
that must not happen.
kosovo would thus gain some essential trappings of statehood.
but china’s sterilization policy carried high costs.
this is why he acted so outrageously at the un.
the main exception, until recently, was china’s indomitable renminbi.
moreover, shutting down legitimate chinese soft-power tools can be counter-productive.
it will make societies more resilient against floods and hurricanes.
yet trump is unconcerned.
wodehouse novel, are anachronisms.
these are anxious times for hong kong.
successes in public health are instructive.
no single intervention will be enough.
in retrospect, the charge seems like rank hypocrisy.
but so is food.
but investors do not seem to think so.
the end of peronism?
- exploit advanced desalination.
the chinese economy may well need to be deleveraged.
but without them, we could all find ourselves worse off.
next month’s parliamentary election will be israel’s second this year.
specific "how to" advice is what kim wants from china.
in the eurozone, it is rising at 1.2%.
hwang and hers colleagues are hardly alone.
can argentina’s success last?
capitalism, as we know, transcends borders.
as the council deliberates, two competing theories emerge.
second, institutional consistency should be preserved.
perhaps even the fiscal compact itself should be reconsidered.
fortunately, a "last" chance exists.
my interlocutor’s suggestion was original, and potentially game-changing.
no wonder liberals have trouble gaining traction with the electorate.
yugoslavia has disintegrated, but the disintegration is incomplete.
even the us lost its aaa standing.
as investigations later discovered, that figure was inflated.
“exit” and “loyalty” dominate in italy.
israel’s excellent judiciary can rely on her full support.
but it is now time to look beyond epidemiological facts.
trade is only a facilitating device.
but forsaking our own principles would be.
what euro crisis?
none of this has made trump very popular.
how do they have the nerve?
that is a lesson to keep in mind today.
london – if something is impossible, it does not happen.
the huffington post covers trump’s campaign strictly as entertainment news.
think japan, and its corporate zombies of the 1990’s.
she says that the snow and ice have been melting.
but china’s leaders balked, circumscribing their role severely.
likewise, humans have evolved to crave certainty.
memory’s achievement is an important one.
the syrian war is not unprecedented in the region.
yasir arafat may be dead, but hers machiavellian strategies linger.
and what of gordon brown?
the door to dialogue with hamas should remain open.
these proposals, once in great vogue, have receded.
moreover, labor-market conditions deteriorated toward the end of the year.
but that is no longer the case.
in fact, a more likely figure is $10 billion.
europe also faces more immediate threats closer to home.
we are not doing nearly enough to combat this danger.
these discussions are often politicized and involve high-level government interventions.
turkey is a case in point.
china cannot create such an environment quickly.
hong kong’s upcoming “election” will be no different.
but their agenda for further reform is substantial, and fundamental.
how real were these risks?
“older” people, on their social networking site.
this behavior is without precedent.
no wonder the system is collapsing.
we were among nine nigerians staying there.
among us presidents, george w.
asian countries have impressive potential resources for soft power.
can she recover?
trump’s record in office presents a further political puzzle.
are they precluded from acting without unanimity?
could this really happen?
globalization is intensifying and multiplying this extremism.
for sino-russian relations, such fundamental uncertainties may be a blessing.
sri lankan democracy appears more vulnerable than ever.
their brain function has changed.
education is critical.
after all, the problems that beset mrs.
schroeder, or mrs.
the key to eu governments’ underwriting of entrepreneurs is simplicity.
such predictions counsel caution against over-reaction by policymakers outside japan.
he chose the latter option.
job creation and economic growth are two essential lures.
mexico’s peace potential
the second difficulty concerns statistics.
companies that lose sight of that are doomed.
putin’s only strength lies in europe’s weakness and irresolution.
what if they quarrel?
can mike pompeo save us foreign policy?
for example, putin recently abolished elections in russia’s provinces.
-- no to debt.
the evidence for cancer is less certain.
fire is what its setting makes it.
consider uber, which provides work to many immigrants.
the capital, sanaa, could run dry in ten years.
on the stimulus, though, krugman achieves a knock-out punch.
tens of thousands of egyptians heeded his call.
is plutocracy really the problem?
in 2010, the greek government threatened to default.
why do smart people live longer?
voinea accused the couple of the "genocide" of 60,000 people.
for one thing, the book is hardly an easy read.
thousands of roma have made similar journeys.
gender inequality exacerbates the situation.
heat waves and wildfires ravaged countries around the world.
all of these governments have failed.
but how will we learn if we do not act?
she will not want malaysia to fall far behind.
but five key changes will need to happen first.
hers administration is filled with wall street bankers.
stopping criminal activity is a legitimate government concern.
the fed vs.
the old border disputes have been silenced.
that failure had nothing to do with palestine.
the outlook for 2018 is far from certain.
this treaty dedicated antarctica to exclusively peaceful aims.
the same lack of cohesion is found among journalists.
chinese airlines have delayed orders to purchase european aircraft.
every day they wait places more lives at risk.
so, what threatens turkey today is turkey itself.
and the losses are colossal.
but they are all children of politicians.
for the first time since 2002, she will.
clearly, antidumping is the trade remedy of choice.
but don’t hold your breath.
last year, nigeria celebrated a remarkable escape from dictatorship.
but they must be integrated with broader policy moves.
but could he possibly be right?
today, we are at another historical turning point.
iran is a great and ancient culture.
it is rife here.
real wages tripled, and poverty and unemployment fell by half.
similar sentiments are apparent elsewhere in the region.
but are people really so unhealthily fat?
india's new congress-led government, too, seems to favor these proposals.
second, there will be grave consequences for regional security.
ghana and trinidad and tobago have also signed on.
enter negative interest-rate policy.
but the facts on the ground have changed dramatically.
looking forward, however, this may change.
that means breaking up too-important-to fail (or too-complex-to-fix) institutions.
should business travel be obsolete?
advancing gender equality also requires changes to policies and regulations.
closed economic systems also pose a danger.
this is an unfortunate truth.
this is why debt relief is so important.
but such a view is not ideological.
politicians need to take steps to minimize uncertainty now.
livni may fail in several ways.
in the us, public investment spending has been slashed.
so much more is possible.
today, the balance has been completely reversed.
foreign aid also has a vital role to play.
laws governing sex among consenting adults can be similarly harsh.
that is why international support is so crucial.
turkey is certainly not iran, and vice versa.
gradually, confidence grew, and financial markets began to function again.
in 2008, joseph e.
there will be a global slowdown.
as a result, many choose job security over pay hikes.
but it will happen.
it was never supported by economic theory.
the incipient tiger in the indian economy will be released.
he may be expecting too much.
it will be even harder to reform personal income taxes.
how is this trick accomplished?
still, putin once based his legitimacy on economic growth.
so, what can be made of the may 19 deal?
that must change as well.
it cannot consider crimes committed prior to july 1, 2002.
similarly, in 2003, george w.
what next for venezuela?
and then, of course, there was the question of europe.
nationalist retrenchment offers nothing; it is rejection without an alternative.
munich – american democracy is a complex, self-organizing system.
it requires perspicacity, prudence, and, above all, experience.
expulsion of immigrants has not.
they don’t call for revolution.
it looks as if now the roles have been inversed.
for those acolytes, freedom is a psychologically burdensome condition.
the regulation of automobile emissions faces a similar problem.
what it can offer nowadays is at least as important.
people would change their thinking accordingly.
fourth, no one should underestimate us institutions.
almost all were followed by tsunamis.
we live in an era of low predictability.
those facing food insecurity often demand better conditions at home.
balancing these two goals will not be easy.
the task is anything but simple.
dépêchez-vous, monsieur le president!
moreover, muslim iranians have always respected their pre-islamic civilization.
pre-judging paris
blind in gaza, blind in jerusalem.
as for africans, they are already promoting sustainable development.
global turmoil could derail brazil’s expansion.
some people are unwilling to accept this.
the fpc declines to intervene, citing lack of law-enforcement powers.
our shared european values should matter most.
this structure made for a winning formula.
under this arrangement, the eu achieved stability for its neighborhood.
we europeans seem to have forgotten our history.
that is an average of 2,500 deaths per year.
competition is another example.
on the contrary, that is exactly where they belong.
should search-and-rescue aircraft and vessels be stationed in the vicinity?
think about what this means.
for the jewish state, military strikes have suggested another lesson.
but redistribution alone is not enough.
munich – global growth is accelerating.
in 2020, the debt situation will move to center stage.
the test for him will be to deliver quickly.
venezuela is a case in point.
moreover, some secular intellectuals demonized the brotherhood.
and yet the strains are there for anyone to see.
leavers and remainers are equally despondent.
so what, now, will become of post-qaddafi libya?
they deserve better.
both are vital.
the first step is to take trump off twitter.
prosperity is the very foundation of peace.
but that shouldn’t stop european governments from working together closely.
i was not surprised that extremist publication raged.
but there may be an opportunity in this, too.
its government is insolvent.
alessandria, italy – tax evasion is a global scourge.
the bad news keeps coming in latin america these days.
households have a budget constraint.
but this time, the icc may get the final word.
indeed, the implications of losing one’s citizenship are enormous.
but not yet.
corporate interest payments are typically deductible, too.
so what is the truth?
where are we in the fight against amr?
so, will the single currency survive?
articulating these goals was an important first step.
that is substantial.
each of these doctrines has proved to be wrong.
one potential solution is broad-based profit-sharing programs.
and here the news is not good.
but deindustrialization is common to all advanced countries.
the boom fueled expansion of latin america’s middle classes.
that option should be supported.
mexico city – mexico is making headlines of late.
their descendants, the tiny parsi community, still live there.
but i was dead serious.
that is the great value of big data.
gabriel’s dubious reasoning seems to reflect hers own bias.
reinvigorating global growth runs a distant second.
that is what steve was.
here, developments are encouraging.
the vice presidents were essentially generals without troops.
she also proves hers profound friendship for the jewish state.
the question now is who will give up first.
the result is politically perverse.
in fact, major challenges remain.
aside from a few minor particulars, consensus prevails.
is nato the war on terrorism's greatest victim?
and tax policy must evolve with changing economic circumstances.
the ultimate objective, however, should be made explicitly clear.
of course, monetary easing is not purely zero-sum.
debt is another side of the development dilemma.
though many were freed within hours, some remain in jail.
but this should liberate shunned media outlets.
within those limits, she uses hers power relentlessly.
nowadays, globalization is inescapable.
but financial markets, even when agitated, are not blind.
his nobel peace prize demands it.
but it is not exactly true.
but that is hardly the only example.
cambridge – what is going on in north korea?
there are only two ways out of this quandary.
now sea levels are rising again.
the european union is the leading exponent of this approach.
this is not to deny that migration has downsides.
building africa’s knowledge economy
catholics want a unified ireland.
how will the ensuing drama unfold?
two elements of keynes’s legacy seem secure.
how will the new china balance these two conflicting needs?
johnson, and then president richard m.
nixon, to escalate us military involvement in the vietnam war.
but the ecj would nonetheless put “public intelligence” first.
but that surprise was wrong-headed from the start.
some developing countries have addressed these population challenges well.
the goal should be the same for china and japan.
such tax avoidance has reached hundreds of billions of dollars.
harding had the teapot dome scandal.
but europe has no shortage of politicians.
but where is the money for that?
an all-or-nothing policy toward north korea will result in nothing.
avoiding such an outcome will require efforts from both sides.
it is also dangerous to social cohesion and democracy.
will more italians vote with their feet?
put a price on carbon.
too much fear can be self-fulfilling.
putin’s statement hit like a bolt from the blue.
but interest rates are unlikely to fall.
needless to say, abe’s government ignored their advice.
so, too, will the rest of the world in 2016.
who gets to pocket this “team surplus”?
moreover, prices of food products have started to increase.
more trade makes both sides of a transaction wealthier.
a few countries already have stepped up.
making matters worse, the rule of succession is ambiguous.
it is the exception, not the rule.
this watered-down gradualism has become his trademark.
this is much more likely in algeria than in egypt.
the northern powerhouse strategy provides valuable lessons for other countries.
regulators may also have to revive old tools.
“it may sound maverick,” said benno ndulu, the bank’s governor.
this is a terrible diagnosis.
but there was a downside.
beyond europe's borders, governments and businesses are already forging ahead.
a trump presidency would mean the opposite.
these ravings are utterly delusional, deeply cynical, or profoundly ignorant.
arrogance has replaced sophisticated modesty.
trump also proved unconventional in hers choice of communication instruments.
but america’s continued technological leadership is far from assured.
"the property bubble menaces growth," warned le monde .
those who do not share this view must be overcome.
making matters worse, this trend has not extended to employment.
at this point, a eurozone recession is certain.
early implementation shows great promise.
it is a situation that should concern everyone.
there does need to be a commitment to fiscal responsibility.
obviously, macron has not.
welfare for wagner?
freedom of expression is a core democratic principle.
but elections in iran are notoriously unpredictable for two reasons.
most of us live in a secular, liberal, disenchanted world.
but continued misdiagnosis will have lasting effects.
but at least a democratic form of ballots exists.
but the demand-siders’ conception of the economy is strange.
what's new about the new all-afghan army?
this new eu is neither equal nor voluntary.
such commitments were sorely lacking in 2015.
he insisted on a formal process.
it is time to stop denying the problem.
we must change for our own good.
still, recognizing such problems poses a dilemma.
the eu’s hour, or europe’s darkest hour?
education is a right for everyone.
and the magnitude of the impact they assess is considerable.
markets, too, were complacent – until they weren’t.
neoliberalism is to neoclassical economics as astrology is to astronomy.
but you never know.
but he has the wrong background for a president.
after all, no one-size-fits-all approach exists, even among developing countries.
they might be right.
consider high technology, where america is supposed to excel.
today, angola’s economy is grinding to a halt.
beijing – china’s “face” may be its achilles’ heel.
it offered membership to a country with deep structural problems.
naturally, market participants speculate on these possibilities.
those displaced were mostly muslim.
japan is the latest country to say enough is enough.
but comprehensiveness can come at the expense of effective action.
this puts the spotlight on india all the more.
islamic terminology has been established to describe these differences.
so has all this put chess players out of work?
wealthier households contribute up to 5% of their disposable income.
as usual, consumption growth was stable.
this underpinned not only rising wealth, but also innovation.
yet both are ultimately identity crises.
by the early evening, the news began cascading in.
if the passengers were growing restive, they would rise.
is globalization really fueling populism?
cecilia and him cohorts attempt this at their own risk.
“the threat we face is existential,” nasrallah said.
governments must change their ways.
more taxes mean that the government will be larger.
“of course not,” she replied.
the problem is more political than economic.
for some, this is not entirely good news.
the need for “collective, timely, and decisive” action is overwhelming.
why does angela merkel hesitate?
since 1980, however, the dollar has lost ground.
inflation is approaching one million percent.
administrative reform illustrates this well.
a third dimension of the employment challenge is fairness.
china certainly has a receptive audience.
it’s not fair.
a tiny advantage can make all the difference.
members have agreed to a tripling of its resources.
this shift was no accident.
what will replace the age of consumerism?
this is particularly true for farmers in africa.
today, the eu and japan must make that stand.
but even the outliers enjoyed decent growth this year.
the gcc should embrace it.
we need better standards and stronger laws.
these programs should be emulated throughout the region.
route into power.
at a minimum, serbia would campaign strongly against recognition.
when, after the eight catastrophic years of george w.
initially, he was supportive in private email correspondence.
and there’s more to the story than that.
for example, japan’s working-age population has been shrinking since 1995.
monetary policy works by influencing public expectations.
it believes only in repression and says so openly.
they could push up interest rates, hence profits, without fear.
but now the real battle begins.
blood politics
as st.
of course, israel also began as a movement.
the same is true of ethiopia.
what made mr.
pointing the finger at surplus countries is getting old.
she set the tone and the expectations.
would she go to prison, muscovites’ choice notwithstanding?
but here the past should not be viewed as prologue.
in the middle east, clear ethical leadership is needed.
is inflation the answer?
is freedom enough?
there is a groundswell of political support behind this effort.
but they used to be small.
this kind of leadership still exists.
that stability is puzzling.
some countries will be much more adversely affected than others.
uribe’s absence has opened the election in unforeseen ways.
europe cannot preach cultural pluralism and practice constitutional imperialism.
dam construction is a leading historical example.
the question is peculiar, even mildly offensive.
it really is that bad.
global stock markets are back.
but demonizing trade is not the way to do it.
so why is the us now singing a different tune?
production should be ramped up later.
last year, the government said, there were 74,000 such incidents.
but that’s that.
rather, she was calling for a stronger europe.
at the back end, a different department produces each service.
fourth, military transformation.
this is now the greatest moral issue of our time.
and for now, the saudis are flooding the market.
now is no time for cynical complacency.
and we are far beyond that point.
so what exactly are corbyn’s proposals?
will european and us markets remain open to chinese firms?
we would argue that they do not.
i can offer my own jarring comparison.
another challenge relates to data.
there are some historical precedents for this situation.
those skeptics are wrong, bis researchers counter.
in other words, greece qualified only by cheating.
first, corporate power is growing relative to that of governments.
he behaves with aristocratic self-confidence.
for the hollowing out of socialism has a consequence.
as a korean, i am always puzzled by korean extremism.
with dissent suppressed, the authenticity of citizens’ loyalty becomes irrelevant.
how many times must we say, “never again”?
this does not mean embracing moral relativism.
fair enough, but we are not idiots.
still, stock-market and exchange-rate volatility can have real effects.
but several problems have emerged.
she has not solved all of these problems.
that is the test that now confronts us.
there are two key challenges in genomics.
when will the war end?
this approach is dangerous for two reasons.
like greece, they face deep recessions.
he was in fact rather skeptical of exclusively christian parties.
could kennedy have acted even more coolly?
both cyclical and secular forces are behind the trade slowdown.
russia cannot withstand another four years of plunder and destruction.
was the financial crisis wasted?
but president vladimir putin has centralized power in his hands.
is there a tradeoff between unemployment and inflation?
here, the g20 countries can lead the way.
but they have lost their touch.
countries that want to integrate further can do so.
indeed, india has a bewildering array of subnational taxes.
this demographic trend has far-reaching implications for the region.
the two events are intimately connected.
the growing recognition of water’s strategic relevance reflects global developments.
is cyber the perfect weapon?
the time to act is now.
all the rest is false.
sechin and the commanding heights?
the central bank can help with familiar tools.
the state is also the final arbiter of law.
“anyone but qaddafi,” one woman in tobruk told me.
globalization cannot be undone.
the central element was free enterprise.
this is a shocking finding.
dignity or decline?
but i think she bought it for a different purpose.
furthermore, parliamentary coalitions are also characterized by inertia.
by no means!
so why does she say she is a passionate pro-european?
the pricing environment compounds the impact of tighter regulation.
rather, it would enable the powerful to exploit the weak.
markets go up and down; mass psychology plays its role.
is there anything wrong with buying and selling these things?
a second fiscal stimulus package is therefore likely.
sometimes, russian imitation produces works of genius.
competent government is a far scarcer commodity than cash.
but here, again, the solution would not demand radical change.
an oil worker at petróleos de venezuela, s.a.
those without in-demand skills are struggling and feel disposable.
the answer today could change tomorrow.
the g-20 only ratified what was going to happen anyway.
yet the technology is also likely to be disruptive.
the issue is how to respond: what will work?
yet the us repeatedly violates its own un pledges.
in a crisis, however, policy advice is frequently contradictory.
but they cannot be allowed to stop the enlargement process.
but the logic of revolution makes such reversals impossible.
but, again, this will not last forever.
and she is not alone.
but what will such promises mean?
autocratic regimes elsewhere provide additional funding.
such conflicts have a clear catalyst: asia’s rising prosperity.
forty-five minutes later, he was dead.
smart and forward-looking national policies are imperative.
yet there remains plenty of cause for concern.
worse still, they express no remorse toward their victims.
what is to be done?
this fear did not last long, though.
but they should always be heard.
happiness can’t be mandated, demanded, or enforced.
within a couple of weeks, berlusconi was out of government.
start with the basics.
many young women in gaza have become increasingly radicalized.
further reductions are inevitable.
at their core lie iran and its nuclear program.
america’s growth mirage is an important case in point.
similar views are apparent in europe.
one can only hope.
we do not live in such a world.
we expect all of our partners to do the same.
paulson reversed again and proposed a systemic rescue.
the case for improving education systems is urgent.
consider the case of india.
the reasons are wide-ranging.
there are three broader lessons of diamond’s demise at barclays.
recent events strengthened this fear.
she eliminated perhaps a third of them.
the next few months will be crucial.
unfortunately, trade and business seem to be lagging behind politics.
dialogue is the only sensible way forward.
mohamed sakr, however, did not.
why should obama, a constitutional scholar, be backtracking this way?
aren’t both members of nafta?
now consider the alternative.
she has identified a serious risk to our society.
inventing new machines, new regulations, new institutions will not suffice.
but assessing potential threats is not easy.
the first is to hold down administrative costs.
so what should be our top global priorities?
questioning culture is, of course, a politically incorrect approach.
people are safer and have restarted their lives.
a “more credible european defense” is needed.
unfortunately, the outcomes have been different from the imf’s theory.
bo made the prosecution look sloppy and incompetent.
all of these motivations critically challenge us global diplomatic primacy.
by those criteria, the new agreement is a spectacular failure.
yet i confess to doubt.
now it looks as if his words have trapped him.
one should, however, resist falling back on fatalism.
so it offers natural hedges.
history threatens to return.
but we should beware of false messiahs.
substantial funding is already on offer.
barbarians at the gate?
these young arabs were being stymied in two ways.
american productivity is among the highest in the world.
the possibility of future impact is largely discounted.
corruption thrives in such an environment.
the reasons are simple.
but séralini’s research posed many problematic issues.
that combination of choices was never an option.
we will find common european solutions.
stoppard, like havel, clearly doesn’t agree.
but he was more right than wrong.
whether one is “guilty” is a question of law.
we should not romanticize this earlier era of free trade.
it was not a theory of prices.
other, grimmer models will become more powerful.
i must abide by an outcome i oppose.
first, they could foresee the future more clearly than others.
more can be done.
but much more needs to be done.
the rhetoric has certainly improved.
it has failed everywhere the us has tried it.
but in a downturn tax revenues fall.
yet recent media reports suggest that these risks are considerable.
but europe cannot start from some imaginary tabula rasa.
moreover, democracy must be rooted in the rule of law.
curing the banking system will also take time.
despite their manipulative framing, these criticisms often reflect legitimate concerns.
where did this money actually come from?
yet these problems can be overcome.
consider gavi, the vaccine alliance.
not so much.
commodity futures are generally traded before their expiration date.
government can also play a role in empowering chinese netizens.
they now have more company in key countries.
evidently the national bosses like it that way.
this amounts to 4.2% of their collective gdp.
carefully maintained constitutional arrangements are in tatters.
monuments compose the body of a nation on display.
rising wage differentials may destroy the equilibrium proposed by henrich.
nor was this a propaganda ploy, as some suggested.
he was promptly sidelined to a command in provincial france.
many of us try not to let it matter.
mick mulvaney, trump’s budget director, has herself made the case.
putin’s patriotism, like pétain’s, is that of the vanquished.
not counting it as debt is clearly outrageous.
what is not clear is whether anyone is listening.
the us was actually ranked first among the 39 countries.
the rest, as the saying goes, is history.
even more importantly, investors understood this, too.
this is a good starting point.
climate change will exacerbate conditions further.
unlike twitter, however, drones cannot be shut down.
in addition, economic growth since 2008 has been profoundly disappointing.
nor can trump revive the dying coal sector.
but national policymakers cannot hold the light alone.
the eu commission does seem to be getting this message.
not enough, of course, but it is a good start.
whether or not developing countries benefited was of little concern.
and the eu now has stronger mechanisms for economic-policy coordination.
don’t waste your breath.
private-sector actresses and ordinary citizens can also help.
how different it all seemed a decade ago!
consider the following.
in july of that year, robert s.
sharon’s superiors agreed with their egyptian counterparts.
what about the rest of us?
but few in the western pacific see it that way.
china is different.
after an uproar, she took that back, although only partly.
europe’s next great mistake
but this is a pernicious argument.
nonetheless, the echr’s future is in serious jeopardy.
top-level intelligence analysis is intended to shape strategic policy.
missile defense works.
energy embargoes have generally proven counterproductive.
but if the cowboy days of george w.
bush are over, that is to be applauded, not lamented.
the line between audacity and hubris is a fine one.
a similar logic of partnership applies to enlargement.
this is not to say that she is unemotional.
politically, it embodies solidarity and thus helps cement the union.
oil stirs great popular fascination.
but how can deliberately limiting one’s options improve one’s prospects?
none of this was the doing of osama bin laden.
in 2014, hong kong’s youth demonstrated peacefully and were ignored.
at prague, this message will ring out loud and clear.
moscow – has russia’s economic crisis ended?
and, so far, we have neither.
no imaginable solution to their plight seems available.
compromise is anathema to the radical mind.
is central bank independence all it’s cracked up to be?
such a process will not succeed.
there are alternatives.
then it would have been 100% co2 free.
their currencies plunged.
now headquartered in tehran, eco is still in its infancy.
the path to a tb-free world starts there.
politicians who privately detest brexit must speak out publicly.
so the students’ lawsuit was not surprising to me.
they are also facing huge uncertainties.
by contrast, the national kleptocrats’ position is more consistent.
ronald reagan might have approved.
but a post-crisis recovery is a very different animal.
harding in 1920 until fdr took office in 1933.
but this is not true.
is china losing the diplomatic plot?
it’s not that i’m mean or lazy.
the endgame to any crisis is difficult to predict.
the same applies to child survival.
but the “therefore” is invalid.
consolidation or competition for financial regulators?
johnson had the common touch of rural texas.
but the financial crisis is unique and potentially overwhelming.
an aging us population implies lower participation in market activity.
but the kony operation is different.
china needs a mature strategic dialogue, particularly with the eu.
he denies ever being a collaborator.
unfortunately, governments often put different priorities ahead of disaster preparation.
blaming local culture, which societies largely inherit, is not constructive.
ignoring this debate would be a mistake.
the result is persistent unemployment.
surely, elements of corporatist thinking persist today.
but for how long will a majority serve a minority?
none of this will change without a crisis.
as political risks rose, the autocrats’ cronies demanded higher returns.
but don’t look for tehran’s islamic government to change overnight.
countries like ukraine depend on it.
this misalignment of incentives stifles many economies.
until recently, globalization was largely viewed as favoring the west.
the us experiment in federalized finance was not immediately successful.
putin has established a purely personal dictatorship.
the markets for other derivatives are not much better.
but, because lives were lost, it cannot be ignored, either.
• ratify the domestic workers convention.
here, america is the key.
xi’s approach is not helping china’s international reputation, either.
only the bloodshed continues.
• greater intellectual coherence is needed.
but forget about fixing north-atlantic exchange rates and the yen.
the decades since have proven her right.
the fao is renewing its commitment to a hunger-free africa.
who jailed their organizers?
is it really possible to escape from history?
major progress in fixing these problems has already been achieved.
populist and nationalist parties certainly hope so.
indeed, a renewed sense of urgency is needed.
copyright: project syndicate/institute for human sciences/global economic symposium, 2013.
another six million are working part-time for economic reasons.
no one will be confused as to who is responsible.
what begins now is the struggle for egypt’s future.
what do these contrasts mean for the future?
spain’s performance in foreign markets is especially impressive.
the constitution will not save american democracy.
and they should be recognized as such.
even mummies are mobile.
but a lot has changed since then.
the time has come to fulfill it.
that will remain true for high-value-added services that defy automation.
london – this is my last column for a while.
people primarily determine the extent to which culture flourishes.
but china can take steps to gain these countries’ trust.
fed appointees have long included people with business experience.
julia started giving him savings to charities like oxfam.
but new york was only the tip of an iceberg.
bangladesh must recognize this, too.
is there a political equivalent to airbnb?
what are governments doing to prepare for a post-oil future?
apple expects its suppliers to treat their workers humanely.
people who know how to run a business.
even worse, the fed is playing with fire.
but that doesn't mean deficits and debt don’t matter.
so why shouldn’t that be a focus of public policy?
the goal is to make this the norm.
nafta and other previous trade agreements are unpopular.
indeed, china’s investment rate may have surpassed 50% in 2009.
this means outcompeting rivals.
many are beyond the reach of political or government leaders.
one salutes, another meows, a third snivels.
the killing of civilians has to stop, on both sides.
the g-8 and g-20 recently agreed to share tax information.
this in turn stabilizes the renminbi.
again, three things made this possible.
that approach amounts to communitarianism, not multiculturalism.
there will be no second chances.
political institutions needed to catch up.
europe needs a germany that will veto half-baked proposals.
all of this strengthens the greek government’s negotiating position considerably.
will blue and white stand by its pledge?
“not so fast,” says the other side.
for steel, the sums involved would be moderate.
this is not only a matter of heightened security.
three commitments are particularly important.
in fact, it was frightening.
other steps, however, would improve the situation.
but even the fed’s flexibility is under siege.
they are thinking figuratively.
the harm to human welfare is likely to be catastrophic.
but she cannot simply imitate macron.
washington, dc – american voters are angry.
and what about literature?
no expert panel, including ours, has all the answers.
india does have serious problems.
to each question, i replied that i didn’t know.
similar inconsistencies are reflected in qatar’s foreign policy.
they were compatible and would reinforce one another.
why didn’t nokia choose android earlier?
but protest can be effective only if it remains peaceful.
recent research confirms these fears.
employment is increasingly precariousness.
in hers final words, she proclaimed hers innocence.
her grades, she tells me, are also improving.
its net export position and current-account balance improves.
in many cases, the controls were neither market-based nor temporary.
besides, the ecb is arguably excessively independent.
money-losing managers do not have negative compensation.
afterwards, the trend was reversed, and inflation declined fairly steadily.
the development challenges are massive.
the other republican candidates barely discuss the topic.
the answer lies in potential growth.
the opportunities offered by digital money are clear.
where are such people to be found in the arctic?
parliament must impeach president kuchma.
even where people live seems to be having an effect.
of course, non-compliance remains a significant challenge.
the judiciary needs that” as well.
rouhani recently had an opportunity to discuss iran’s stance.
nor need it uproot people.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
an estimated 90,000 ukrainians were reached indirectly.
if seriously implemented, these steps will transform mubarak’s legacy.
eighteenth-century british leadership provides a case in point.
now is that moment.
taken together, these actions are saving millions of lives.
in part, it is because transnational democracy has not delivered.
they made inroads in every sector of the economy.
unfortunately, it does not always lead to more democracy.
hers peace overture to israel stunned the middle east.
and there is more.
but the basic idea was always the same.
it is certainly a possibility that must be considered.
osirak’s destruction inspired saddam to try again.
medication manages such psychotic symptoms.
india’s economy has slowed in recent years.
if they vote yes, he is re-empowered.
there is another factor at work, too.
we remember having seen the left govern without drama.
in fact, nato membership neither guarantees nor requires democracy.
political crimes never fade.
this is a worrisome development.
nor is nutritional value.
that needs to change.
for all of them, access to genome sequences is important.
a watered-down version of the german solution was eventually adopted.
french electors did not vote for a dream.
two candidates stand out: attitudes toward work and corporate governance.
in other words, anti-authoritarianism is not the whole story either.
china’s dual-track challenge
alternative shipping fuels exist.
a west that is divided in this crisis cannot stand.
the eu is at a critical point in its history.
by rejecting a unilateral stance, mexico enabled a multilateral outcome.
cambridge – spend in haste; repent at leisure.
indeed, similar patterns are characteristic of most post-modern societies.
jean monnet, who inspired the project, was pragmatic and daring.
economists call it “intra-industry” trade.
this partly reflects the near impossibility of gathering news.
there is more promising news.
moreover, kundera’s case is hardly unique.
such a politics is possible.
tensions between the two countries were already high.
government stability will remain a delicate balancing act.
meanwhile, the global economy is fraying at the edges.
but polluters should shoulder more of the climate-change burden.
in this respect, much progress can still be made.
but he cannot do it alone.
indeed, corporatism spread to country after country.
poverty and inequality remain serious problems.
have there been setbacks in afghanistan and iraq?
nixon journeyed to china.
the appointment was duly rejected by the italian president.
the infrastructure imperative does not end with housing, either.
the potential returns from targeted investments in forests are immense.
that is about 4% of japanese gdp in 2010.
many of them find their lives immensely rewarding and fulfilling.
the world has a stake in their resolution.
the fallout from khodorkovsky's arrest is felt abroad as well.
local terrorist centers were also important.
this has created a very odd situation.
within countries, she is encouraging anti-elitist and anti-globalization movements.
effective prevention must start when undesirable economic trends arise.
that was the situation faced by european leaders last autumn.
the same may happen in china.
the world has gone through extraordinary transformations since then.
it is also heavily indebted, but in domestic currency.
relatively speaking, 2020 is an eternity away.
greece, by contrast, has utterly failed to engineer a recovery.
frankly, i was surprised by what i heard.
many leftists were internationalists, too.
of course, achieving that is easier said than done.
hyper-globalization is essentially “deep” integration.
that is the only truth that counts.
but that is a long-term proposition.
civil society didn't exist.
and an upset is what happened.
cheney and rumsfeld.
three considerations are critical.
for anti-communists everywhere, the polish election was extraordinarily encouraging.
labor intensive industries were especially hard hit.
an authoritarian regime has no such automatic adjustment mechanism.
industrial investment, especially by state-owned enterprises, has been rallying strongly.
sarkozy’s speech reinforced that message.
but these critics are missing the point.
but ultimate power does rest with the government.
a sense of fair play also matters within the union.
banking crises may therefore simmer or explode without adequate attention.
so do circumstances in germany.
no one should be surprised.
they do now.
it opted for the former in 1931.
so why all the fuss?
in fact, the entire region is unstable.
officials underestimated tail risks.
the past does not really exist.
energy policy is national, but the sector’s externalities are global.
this belief has suited the two main political parties.
thus, royal’s program is him popularity.
he is also accused of embezzlement and perjury.
they have constrained obama’s willingness to embrace trade deals.
the imperative to cooperate is an inevitable outgrowth of globalization.
the other big energy challenge is climate change.
will she succeed?
there is no how-to manual for managing this balancing act.
in one important way, however, their situations are very different.
the us public has had no say in these decisions.
the brazilian election result is certainly cause for concern.
and what happened in greece would not stay in greece.
america’s wider indo-pacific strategy has the same problem.
beijing – the global balance of power is shifting.
western europe's attitude towards its eastern neighbours remained ambiguous.
could there be a better alternative?
widespread economic distress is never without political consequences.
this erodes support for the free-enterprise system.
when did russians ever ask a victim for an autograph?
she finds herself talking about thieves with a local shopkeeper.
will libra be stillborn?
the oslo accords divided the occupied territories into three regions.
it was part of the 1945 consensus.
global monetary stability is, after all, a public good.
indeed, it could even precipitate some unforeseen israeli countermeasures.
in fact, prion-free sheep and cows have already been created.
but they cannot do it alone.
the opposition must also contend with recent experience in haiti.
ellwanger crossed the line separating free expression from hate speech.
hedge fund long term capital management (ltcm) collapsed.
one reason for their weak growth costs.
russian troops are to remain in south ossetia and abkhazia.
in 1996, military police shot and killed two roma conscripts.
but there are no right answers to wrong questions.
in principle, private capital does not flow to non-profit activities.
unless and until that changes, the tragedy can only deepen.
it is not absurd to speak of a cosmopolitan sharia.
as a result, relations among regional actresses remain tense.
in fact, grand strategy has never been putin’s forte.
you can't imagine the extent of its flexibility," he said.
sadly, they are unlikely to end soon.
restoring them is unlikely, at least for now.
existing parties urgently need to recapture the support of citizens.
this was not an inevitable outcome.
several of its factions still uphold armed tactics, including terrorism.
there are other troubling borderline cases.
nor was this practice confined to undemocratic regimes.
today’s global economy is plagued by uncertainty.
therefore, they may improve economic efficiency.
that is what happened in the case of india.
but this is only part of the problem.
and similar episodes have been common in many other countries.
sweden recently announced that it has reached the 90-90-90 targets.
normalization is all about a long-overdue unwinding of those distortions.
until that happens, the threat of nuclear terrorism will persist.
for example, as senate majority leader, lyndon b.
so why does so much infrastructure remain unbuilt?
we are thus left with a fundamental dilemma.
the fifth phase began in 2001, following the 9/11 attacks.
but it could also close off existing markets.
another woman says, “i am a filipino.
the rivalry’s principal battlegrounds are syria and yemen.
it requires a person.
the fundamental question is: is putin playing trump?
popular anger is channeled to the ballot box.
what needs to be done is clear.
regulators generally turned a blind eye to these suspicions.
today’s “post-crash” students are right.
is the world economy on the brink of recession?
so where were these men in tunisia and egypt?
this is risky speculation.
the nagorno-karabakh conflict is about security.
in 1921, at age 36, rosenthal committed suicide.
this cost would be spread over several years.
he set the tone and the expectations.
the polish opposition now has a chance to prove itself.
eu leaders must take responsibility for this latest failure.
munich – british prime minister theresa may has confirmed it.
we have a rich history and ancient cultures.
of course, americans disagree on how to do this.
and barack obama has it.
emerging markets have also been shaken by us policies.
the mechanics of debt restructuring are straightforward.
but there were actually two views about that order.
first, who is sharing the disinformation?
last year, kosovo gained independence.
clearly, there is more to the story of catalan separatism.
a new sino-russian alliance?
but never at so titanic a level as today.
there are 10 reasons for this.
i, for one, never doubted that it would.
with rising economic power has come growing geopolitical clout.
necessary licenses are often not routinely obtained.
just ask blockbuster video.
politics is about perceptions, not raw numbers.
the revolution arrives not a moment too soon.
russia and ukraine, however, spend no money on harm reduction.
of course, there is good news.
tito died in may 1980, after a six-month illness.
how did this happen?
loose definitions will encourage more military interventions, thus more wars.
in fact, it is difficult to separate cause from effect.
yet china’s move to saving absorption narrows that option.
such an agreement could also transform transatlantic ties more broadly.
do they want a command society?
blair isn’t the first statesman to try helping the palestinians.
can developing countries carry the world economy?
normally, the market fosters the advance of entrepreneurial endeavors.
it does not have to be this way.
but little progress has been made in (re)implementing this idea.
the germans were delighted.
as it stands, labor mobility is imperfect in the eu.
nothing could be farther from the truth.
during the 1948 arab-israeli war, however, the city was divided.
in diplomatic negotiations, you take what you can get.
pursued in government, it can weaken.
its equity markets have been discredited.
the bubble will eventually burst and prices will fall.
asia must leapfrog the unsustainable stage of development.
but getting there will require some convincing.
on this issue, basic agreement seems to have been achieved.
before patrick m.
in every currency union, there are creditor and debtor regions.
divided government also plays into the hands of asia's separatists.
what does it all mean?
but what about effects that are not directly economic?
it is liberal, prosperous, more or less democratic, and peaceful.
the fed was hardly alone.
moreover, the sunni-shia divide frequently leads to contradictory policies.
on the surface, the crisis in france may seem short-lived.
beyond these questions, there is nothing to debate.
will the global economy add up?
other assumptions, however, are under threat.
even the ganges’ two main tributaries flow in from tibet.
so far, these hopes have been dashed.
do ngo's make world politics more democratic?
it obviously means worse than average, which would be three.
indeed, experts like c.
economist robert gordon takes this idea even further.
plague pandemics were events of mind-boggling ecological intricacy.
but german voters did not appreciate her honesty.
indeed, the latter go hand in hand with the former.
the outcome is as significant as it was shocking.
they cannot be delayed.
who’s really threatening europe?
but getting there will not be easy.
such uncertainties are already visible.
turkey has integrated its islamist movement into the political mainstream.
many psychosocial mechanisms have been implicated in placebo responses.
it is an opportunity that all should seize.
savings rates shot up.
the deepest fault lines emerged among center-right parties.
they need the rule of law.
it was right to stimulate.
its users know what yahoo!
and, potentially, their data.
a closer look, however, reveals grounds for concern.
can sarkozy break this vicious circle?
muslims have a particular responsibility here.
is it just a coincidence that she was rich?
president george w.
she blithely utters one falsehood after another.
hers stated motives seem too anarchic for that.
in the us, government consumes about 30% of gdp.
the horse-trading around the base has been intense.
“i’m so disgusted,” my friend said a moment later.
authoritarian nationalism and economic populism endanger that.
allies no longer need protection.
crucially, the protesters did not demand free elections.
governing, however, will not be easier than winning office.
countries would comply with international law or incur high costs.
that is how he led america in the wrong direction.
“should we meet them?” she asked me.
indian activists are outraged.
the more important issue concerns financial markets and payments systems.
what a difference a year makes.
nor is it known whether iran will participate.
yet their pleas have fallen on deaf ears.
this ensured that spreads were low and prices were stable.
this has somehow become a rallying issue for environmentalists.
today, the problem is not only economic.
one is the management of natural resources and the environment.
they had enough of their own.
instead, they placed them in conduits based in low-tax countries.
the middle east is unraveling.
for them, he will always be disposable.
not all sports programs are created equal.
the un conference won’t be easy.
everything depends on our idea of human nature.
the economics profession’s response has not been uniformly positive.
but we do not yet have the full story.
these counterarguments are robust.
under these conditions, fine-tuning existing arrangements simply will not do.
the logic is simple.
most european countries have christian-democratic political parties.
but they are not sufficient.
more than 2,100 political prisoners remain in jail in burma.
but societies may also have to change.
only 50 individuals remain in the labor force.
living organisms obviously embody arrangements of matter into complex structures.
subsequently the dollar did decline.
that is a very big difference.
but what about when a population is already ill?
perhaps the most incongruous presence was gen.
among putin’s few redeeming qualities is a revulsion to anti-semitism.
is it such an unreasonable question?
this does not bode well for any future peace process.
continuation of these actions will have consequences.
moreover, livni is as clean as politicians come.
we know we can do it.
foreign investors aren't alone in worrying.
the question is why.
that really would be a game changer.
think of the eurozone as a selective club.
hong kong's people do not reject all security legislation.
this is especially true for companies.
the visit went from incipient disaster to huge success overnight.
but networking and party connections continue to matter.
their lives are meaningless.
many have sound macroeconomic, financial, and policy fundamentals.
engagement is demanded elsewhere in the region as well.
the international maritime organization is pursuing similar goals for shipping.
its reasons are twofold.
of course, china’s rising middle class is not news.
that left less than 10% for development and humanitarian assistance.
visions of strategic economic cooperation also deserve attention.
laws against sodomy have been abolished in most secular countries.
the lessons of history are clear.
seven of the world’s ten fastest-growing countries are there.
obama’s actions in afghanistan will provide the answer.
we could do all good things.
my own experience highlights the dangers facing environmental crusaders.
fear trumped hope.
deepening economic recession is bound to catalyze political change.
the kremlin must know this already.
but the sky has not fallen.
this is hardly surprising.
indeed, their views on zionism confirmed their identity as anti-racists.
but this is hardly the case.
but private versus public ownership is a false dichotomy.
a diverse, confusing spectrum of muted views has resulted.
but he will need a sense of the required reforms.
but these issues are not the real problem.
deforestation and desertification are rampant.
it is finally happening.
and russians have fallen into line.
neither inflation nor rising income inequality provides a satisfactory answer.
platform companies are also pursuing another route to evade ab5.
the perception of military parity has altered.
publicity is a critical element in a legal culture.
no one issued foreign bonds in dollars.
in other words, russia is back.
there are serious problems with this approach.
this is a mistake.
it is much harder, and power rules.
obama offers a different approach to foreign policy.
hong kong remains a rich and prosperous place.
unsurprisingly, he has israel in mind.
when we tried to escape, the rebels captured us.
this process will be controversial.
one key pillar of that order will be russia.
europe is over-taxed and over-regulated in the labor market.
recent experiences in rwanda and yugoslavia are a sad example.
deserts and dry regions are becoming drier.
the result is a vicious circle of radicalization and violence.
two myths came to the fore.
this is a matter of constant debate.
but that effort, too, must overcome formidable cultural obstacles.
the first is alleviation of growing social tensions.
should extremist parties be banned?
some have concluded that the rebalance is directed at china.
if so, what will follow from that?
but this criticism is unfair.
that is certainly true.
the second item on the agenda concerns the digital economy.
but, both aesthetically and politically, the parallel is hardly far-fetched.
capital levels will fall.
you wouldn’t want to rely on it.
the stakes are too high for it not to try.
later, the children are physically lured for sex.
joint military exercises are an essential part of any alliance.
she needs to use hers bully pulpit.
such reforms would challenge powerful vested interests.
but it should be carried out with a practical eye.
his trolling is notorious.
to wait and see is, therefore, the wrong strategy.
he inspires confidence; i felt it immediately.
it is full of faults, which need to be corrected.
the shortfall, in turn, implies rising unemployment.
i did not call jongen a nazi.
both routine physical and routine cognitive tasks are highly automatable.
give me a buck .
it seems to be the dalai lama’s opinion as well.
then america’s businesses and investors discovered the internet.
overall, the united states should welcome china’s bri.
and there lies the problem.
but only up to a point.
clearly, 17 is too many.
such a time-table is not just implausible: it is impossible.
cortes allegedly did it to motivate hers troops.
indeed, the number of excellent emerging-market candidates is remarkable.
the following day, his majesty the emperor naruhito was enthroned.
how would these companies make money?
there are some major themes.
that is where the blockage is.
my answer is no.
france cannot recapture its former glory alone.
other turkish investors express similar complaints.
the focus should be on specific actions, not just elections.
consider november’s international summit on the financial crisis.
the dream of shared prosperity in europe would be dead.
but these sops were overshadowed by goyal’s startling omission: jobs.
i desperately wanted to take off my professorial tweed jacket.
more than ever, the bank’s independence must be strengthened.
the international community has no role to play.
they may be right.
this prescription has one problem.
there is a big difference between the two.
similar approaches have worked well in australia and mexico.
zipcar, for example, lets people share cars.
moreover, renewables are still costly.
the islamic world has undergone no comparable process.
what we hear is idle speculation.
what is desperately needed is better policymaking.
today, the british economy continues to grow.
such warnings have not been received kindly by the brexiteers.
europe is experiencing an unusually hot summer, too.
in fact, its human rights record is shockingly retrograde.
it would protect sites of extraordinary natural beauty and inspiration.
asia’s age of thaksin?
hopes for a respiratory syncytial virus vaccine were dashed.
one thing it does not have, however, is daycare.
but there is something else.
the challenge is enormous.
but renzi failed to improve italy’s dismal economic performance.
a national gst would eliminate these problems.
this is the paradox of the 1930’s.
others had ancestral roots in various parts of africa.
will the tradeoff be worth it?
by contrast, southern africa is beset with problems.
who lost turkey?
a global day of action is planned for march 15.
are all interpretations equally valid?
a solidarity representative, tadeusz mazowiecki, became prime minister.
to survive this crisis, emerging europe needs support from outside.
several postcommunist states are knocking at the eu's door.
telecommunication companies are also pioneering new services.
developed economies are only beginning to catch up.
because they are.
such goods may never cross eu borders, even for transit.
yet re-elect him they did.
in the first case, the result will be economic chaos.
economic engagement is more controversial.
moreover, britain’s exit from the eu is becoming more likely.
governments are mostly bankrupt; a stabilizing factor.
but these benefits are far from guaranteed.
the result is slower population growth.
first, it can imprison those who violate its media policy.
advocates of this argument propose a different model.
still, the point about tariffs is important.
and it will not if a three-prong approach is embraced.
here too, the early signs are encouraging.
blanchard is a pioneer in the economics of public debt.
everyone was supposed to benefit from european integration.
livelihood insurance would also have another advantage.
across the arc, security risks are serious and interconnected.
yet, while necessary, this would be far from sufficient.
the same is true of other valuable urban amenities.
but that is changing.
my life belongs to my country.
in response, workers are likely to demand higher nominal wages.
“that’s not enough,” he replied.
of course, this is not a new notion.
the need to revise the eu’s fiscal rules is clear.
so does park geun-hye.
so what does explain india’s thriving newspaper market?
even more important were mercantilist policies.
the risks are considerable.
is president barack obama’s administration stumbling toward the abyss?
the difference is reflected in economic growth.
three things explain this remarkable resilience: ideas, politics, and institutions.
so how does information equal power?
berkeley – tax havens are by design secretive and opaque.
times are different for him daughter, ms.
but chapo’s arrest will help peña nieto only so much.
here, jordan does the worst, followed by turkey.
brussels – europe seems to be obsessed with austerity.
un-supported talks have acquired new and important momentum.
the pboc’s move also highlights declining inflationary pressures.
there is no single path to sustainable production.
it will also take time.
in several russian cities, the opposition won mayoral elections.
“present at the creation,” she called hers memoir.
when these areas are disturbed, carbon is released.
the framework agreement benefits all parties.
at first blush, it certainly does not seem so.
the dynamism revolution in economic theory was put on hold.
homes are destroyed and people die.
this is an entirely responsible and sensible agenda.
does iceland constitute a counter-example to latvia?
forgotten what that treaty is all about?
not only states are playing for position in the arctic.
if so, we should pull out of afghanistan immediately.
the debate revolves around two major issues: austerity and integration.
foreign exchange reserves are an immense $1.9 trillion.
newport beach – central bank purists are confused.
that’s what happened 30 years ago, when economic reform began.
and it needs to happen again today.
but the 1988 seoul games also had a dark side.
the list goes on.
likewise, there are no “european” solutions to, say, italy’s problems.
people lack the determination to take the action.
it is time to respond.
but pessimists have been growing in number and influence.
fortunately, one is possible.
economically, malaysia learned from its neighbors.
fearful communities are deeply affected by this type of reporting.
kazakhstan and turkmenistan are also major exporters of natural gas.
what a difference a crisis makes.
one concerns the integration of foreigners.
but such reasoning is not foolproof.
were she alive today, i think keynes would agree.
climate-friendly, sustainable infrastructure will cost even more.
alesina’s theory rests on two conceptual pillars.
in neighboring haiti, which wasn’t prepared, 2,000 lives were lost.
yet international justice is attacked as elitist and undemocratic.
such forecasts, however, misrepresent underlying demographic dynamics.
stalling until that time is postponement by other means.
so, what should be the objective regarding inflation?
it also turned the tide against open societies.
now it appears that china is beginning to lose patience.
the biggest factor was the fall in infant mortality.
predictions of outright default are far-fetched.
the question is whether the strategy is worth pursuing now.
two conclusions can be drawn from all this.
here there is room for optimism.
now, however, many seem ready to give up this right.
the situation is particularly difficult in some european countries.
overcoming latin america’s crime crisis
a russian spring?
but we should recall mark twain’s story about his cat.
for most animals, females are the performers.
by most accounts, trump’s presidency has been terrible for europe.
by mid-august, the world was at war.
in africa, the ratio is 900 per 100,000.
yemenis are known as skilled labourers.
whether the plan succeeds is another matter.
she added: “perhaps there is not another one.
china has repeatedly proved its durability and adaptability.
the ideology mutates to exploit its intended recruit’s vulnerabilities.
but the main beneficiary would be germany.
german taxpayers have paid dearly for german banks’ mistakes.
she resigned only after winning election to parliament.
the economy is not mccain’s strong suit.
this will be where the recession hits hardest.
when university students protested, the police moved in, killing one.
food prices are soaring.
economic theory is silent on the matter.
adalbert's evangelism is often called the "baptism of poland".
a failure to take concrete action would risk breeding disillusionment.
the mdgs encompass eight goals, 21 targets, and 60 indicators.
let’s not miss this opportunity.
domestic demand may not respond to unconventional policy.
but hamas’s control within gaza is equally problematic.
germany will not accept eurobonds.
has monetary easing really run its course?
now, the aftershocks may cause consumption to decline even more.
many either did not vote, or supported other parties.
the record bears this out.
and we are forecast to surpass 450 ppm by 2038.
he listens to academic economists, but is focused differently.
who is to blame for this state of affairs?
toronto – africa has a long history of male leadership.
roosevelt and pursue a keynesian makeover of bretton woods.
help poor countries.
in fact, industrial policy never went out of fashion.
chinese households are also squeezed.
we have now reached the end of this happy coexistence.
it had not.
most of these stories are about economic variables.
the turkish lira has been flirting with disaster ever since.
“that means people would get information faster than the government.
money is part of the social fabric.
at the beginning of this century, president george w.
in the end, more jewish settlements appear.
this hostility extends to almost every field of endeavor.
the composition of government spending is also a problem.
but willful denial of such a breach decimates trust.
she is skeptical, stern, incredulous, wary.
a further complication concerns north korea’s nuclear aspirations.
the british security services were deeply suspicious of him.
this may be a temporary lull or a statistical illusion.
it does so in four ways.
that $3 pair of adorable lace-up sandals?
lahore – pakistan is undergoing three transitions simultaneously.
ronald reagan was a mistress of the well selected anecdote.
often no one lobbies the other side of the issue.
yeltsin understood this.
the ebrd has experienced the change in market conditions first-hand.
but much of it was just partisan politics.
that is the kind of boldness that is now needed.
but international support is falling far below promised levels.
the ecj is the eu’s judicial authority.
our global health concerns are similarly skewed.
we abide by these principles because we know they work.
trump seeks to reverse all of that.
call this the “asef” effect.
the next big act belongs to the engineers.
indeed, it is likely to prolong wicked regimes.
it is no less significant for hollande and france.
it doesn’t have to be this way.
for these groups, globalization amounted to redistribution.
this creates a vicious circle.
should abe fail to deliver, the boj would be trapped.
brazil, like mexico, is flooded with foreign capital.
take the position of women on the labor market.
what these investors do with their holdings is crucial.
new york – we all recognize today’s perils.
the current level of global inequality is unconscionable.
to speak of human rights is a duty.
but sherman’s criticism could also be leveled against japan.
all of this must be fixed.
this undermines the fabric of international economic relations.
that could happen.
those who can leave move away.
the decline in remittances, however, cuts both ways.
but police officers across europe continue to use it.
that sounds a lot like india nowadays.
clearly, japan has an incentive to reduce its debt burden.
that was not to be.
yet we do not see carbon taxes being adopted.
the saving issue is especially critical for the us.
as 2015 closes, china’s leaders find themselves at a crossroads.
he strengthened his iranian adversary.
politicians are universally reviled.
thus, a new yardstick is needed to measure success.
how close are we to that goal?
in these circumstances, monetary policy must perform a balancing act.
there are already attempts to do just that.
chirac practices the politics of “scapegoatism” and excuses.
another is the treaty’s “no bailout” clause.
such squabbling, it seems, is a postcommunist malady.
if so, it could demand the money back.
saramago’s anywhere is the balkans’ everywhere.
cambridge – when president george h.w.
no one expects the old system to vanish instantly.
but if she does, she is likely to prove irresistible.
yet there are whispers that trump may do just that.
in fact, this latter proviso should be their ultimate purpose.
ten or 15 years from now, will anybody care?
domestic consumers took the hit.
a low birthrate is common in industrialized countries.
investors deserve to know.
we found hers argument unconvincing – both then and now.
the last few years demonstrate that neither approach will work.
bush’s administration, who threatened to make the un irrelevant.
the key to ensuring continued progress is to establish accountability.
and yet lukashenko is no fool.
the one significant positive factor of delayed reform appears political.
people also count and calculate their food consumption.
the investment boom has kept china’s urban employment growing strongly.
as it turns out, fracking does better on all three.
first, us consumers remain income-challenged, wealth-challenged, and debt-constrained.
that is a stunning argument, especially coming from a conservative/libertarian.
of course, a new government may not emerge at all.
capitalism is also held to lack a principle of justice.
and then there are times to return to normality.
trade talks have stumbled on this point.
that answer must be given carefully.
this approach to development financing is not entirely new.
his defeat was no tragedy, to say the least.
but it would be foolhardy to rule out the worst.
mafia-style kickbacks that permeated the command economy also contributed.
this imbalance can have serious costs for labor exporters.
so a us hard landing and global slowdown is unavoidable.
success in sudan
does growth have a future?
there was no $1 trillion infrastructure package.
in 1957, the french sent in paratroopers.
economists look at the impact on sustainable growth.
subramanian of the harvard t.
a look at behavior prior to attacks reinforces this view.
but such demands are a dead end.
and such policies address symptoms, not their cause.
the pattern has been all too obvious.
the good news is that this is changing.
the recent appreciation of the dollar adds to their hardship.
melbourne – what explains australia’s bizarre leadership churn?
still, we should hope for the best.
but that is the wrong way to approach the challenge.
in 1954, then-senator john f.
this is one such occasion.
he embodies the message, delivered in the gospel of st.
but is this what we really want?
his mobile phone was utterly essential.
solving the cocaine problem is a shared responsibility.
all of you carry this hope.
similarly, we hear concern that tropical forests are being stripped.
africa’s future depends on improving education
europe faces other worries.
bush’s tax cuts, two wars, and recession created fiscal instability.
still, the hong kong protesters have plenty in common.
britain seemed a paragon of fiscal prudence.
so, too, the three baltic states.
this discrepancy can be seen clearly in the banking sector.
it made no difference.
morgan, and moody’s.
this could be the stuff of nightmares.
as with cdos, however, this might be a pyrrhic victory.
but gdp’s importance extends far beyond income.
they want easy connectivity and expanded scope for customization.
their problems seem, instead, to be rooted in arrogance.
it is far too soon to predict another revolution.
our results provide a surprisingly nuanced picture of saudi attitudes.
let us be clear about what that means.
a closer look at concrete examples suggests not.
the second stakeholder is ouattara.
the world will be better off as a result.
we are yemen.
where are the global problem solvers?
there are exceptions, of course.
liberty, in the us, was inextricably entwined with religious belief.
the equilibrium exchange rate, he famously argued, is a chimera.
yet it is premature to proclaim an asian century.
it seems unlikely.
a) i can.
unfortunately, this trend is not consistent across asia.
both countries soon enjoyed economic miracles.
berlin – just what is the matter with angela merkel?
i want to extend his argument.
the immediate risk is continuing stagnation, or recession, in europe.
worse still, we know almost nothing about schizophrenia's causes.
and government spending is as good as anybody else’s.
even moderate nutritional deficiencies can hinder a child’s development.
the public consensus was that the us won.
why is islamic law growing in importance?
the downgrade has undermined that hope.
developing countries have been nagged about this for years.
europe’s last straw?
we call this approach identity economics.
their reviews were very negative.
there is no question that the timing was terrible.
i hope that governments will do more than that.
government debt is still low by emerging-market standards.
after all, the housing market overheats every decade or two.
did hamas win?
that is a superstition.
the victory may well not have been worth the sacrifice.
by defending our constitution we defend democracy.
refusing to prioritize is unjust, wastes resources, and costs lives.
the two rabbits of international trade can be caught.
suicide, of course, can be prevented.
that is far from the truth.
at that time, russia was in no position to compete.
european countries should follow suit, in kenya and elsewhere.
but the absolute worst option is to do nothing.
the german fascination with gold is a red herring.
in his 1922 essay “the dismal science,” h.l.
some stock prices are normally relatively uncorrelated with the market.
she replied that he, too, wanted that.
president john f.
even in poland?
the first key proposal relates to health care.
the story is similar in uganda.
there are two reasons to doubt that it is.
such is the case with the us-china debate.
isn’t this obvious?
but each of these measures comes at a cost.
but fusion’s potential is simply too great to give up.
but the price!
and yet who officials continue to defend their actions.
the indian response was swift and sharp.
zedilla's predecessor, president salinas.
unfortunately, government actions usually obstruct more than help.
an era of currency wars?
will democracy stop women from beating their wives?
a second option is living with a nuclear north korea.
but michel has now made a comeback.
the who’s advice should strengthen support for this move.
and poland's numbers are not unusual.
but who is the “self” that makes this determination?
so what should countries, provinces, and cities do?
at times, america will have to go it alone.
but the west did not help.
they manage its institutions in their own interest.
for example, former us president george w.
but the euro does have growing strengths.
now anti-depressants--global brands with household names--are the problem.
government-funded space-exploration programs around the world have been profound inspirations.
the imf is tragically ignoring this logic in argentina.
much can change before the first round of the election.
of course, they may prove more resilient than their predecessors.
north korea routinely pushes the international community around.
individual countries found it difficult to offer resistance.
productivity is a measure of output per hour worked.
nor do chinese and foreign business people clamor for change.
there is plenty of incentive for action.
there is also a final paradox.
africa needs to do its share.
in china, history often takes a very long time.
otherwise, they were found only outside government buildings.
is that still true?
setting ambitious targets will require a strong common position.
what if the supposed puppet starts to pull the strings?
finally, they reached the attic.
but it takes two to tango.
hence the need for orwellian doublespeak.
"internet dissidents" make up the fastest-growing group of political prisoners.
soros: the ecb has to act within its legal powers.
that’s why cooler heads are likely to prevail.
both revelations underscore china’s preference for strategic subterfuge.
training to respond to severe accidents was inadequate.
the nwfz approach would entail concessions by all parties.
it’s that i have 400 other messages begging for attention.
all of this is vitally important.
this secrecy lies at the heart of financial activity.
what comes next may not be so benign or productive.
wage pressures abated throughout the developed world.
fsb membership should imply accountability in implementation of standards.
the csto remains a paper alliance without military significance.
but let us be optimistic.
argentina’s exports have stagnated since 2011.
but he is not immune to miscalculation.
after all, when people prosper, so do banks.
america’s low ranking in the sdg index is not america-bashing.
a land market must be created virtually from scratch.
eliminating inequality, after all, is not the point.
independence for kosovo, too, is inching closer.
plenty of details remain to be hammered out.
no wonder so many are so excited.
now consider free speech.
tradition can only be countered by creativity.
and then there’s tokyo.
that is why patents expire.
but there are problems.
second, china’s external imbalance may also worsen.
developing-country governments must urgently reduce their dependence on outside donors.
it is a good question.
the revolution in illumination is a good example.
capital flows have reversed.
this changed israeli political discourse almost overnight.
trickle-down economics doesn’t work.
old-fashioned infrastructure bottlenecks lingered, cramping private sector expansion.
the government may want to arrest me.
in contrast, humanitarians are meliorists.
does its grandeur mean that the state should subsidize it?
but times are changing.
now the eu is again in the irish stew.
but a few imperatives are already clear.
these and other countries would benefit from emulating jordan.
consider the following hypothetical example.
this long-run threat is now most evident in russia.
the best players have huge creative flair.
what is missing is implementation.
it is therefore dangerous to extrapolate from short-term trends.
continued convergence with rich-country income levels seems achievable.
third, governments must use their economic influence wisely.
i have called this the privatization of war.
that decision was both understandable and rational.
it means fighting dispossession and the everyday violence of poverty.
the reason this narrative is wrong is simple.
following the soviet union’s 1991 dissolution, citizens scrambled to privatize.
to slow the clock is not to stop it, however.
but it has also implemented heavy-handed police and military controls.
in fact, this is partly the case.
the big banks will get bigger.
the consequences would be a nightmare.
even the then popular leader had to shelve it.
several other recent developments are similarly encouraging.
developed countries did not learn.
these deliberations would yield greater security for less money.
the world should implement a global bank tax.
so, what is the problem?
things aren’t going well in afghanistan.
but much of what enron did was not illegal.
it seemed like a promising portent.
or so it should be.
what can be done to encourage such an advance?
but such thinking is based on a false premise.
the party elite, quite understandably, does not find this reassuring.
new medical devices pose equally difficult dilemmas.
but their work is far from done.
according to testimony provided by now-former equifax ceo richard f.
manhattan now has nearly a quarter-million vacant apartments.
of course, federalism sounds like a good thing.
some of the younger officers complained about corruption.
a large retreat to inter-governmentalism.
the same is true of cosmopolitanism versus insularity.
harper paid dearly for it.
tunisian identity was shaped by this specific history.
hers courage was matched only by hers determination and humor.
of course, english is developing into a lingua franca.
not a very startling insight, perhaps.
what is missing from this assessment are investment flows.
then the bubble bursts.
but, as it turned out, putin miscalculed.
that strategy includes many tactics.
this is not a trivial question.
no one prices anything in bitcoin.
this is an endemic feature of the modern global economy.
pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
something had to be blamed for their dire economic conditions.
but the end result would be similar.
the question is how to distinguish between the two groups.
sanitation and water
improving ivf also requires embryo research.
nonetheless, sdrs have proved to be useful.
between 1950 and 1973, indeed, real median family income doubled.
in the firing line are 120,000 civil service jobs.
stable money, too, is the foundation of political order.
public opinion matters, and russia's elite knows it.
but it should also sound some familiar warning bells.
why fix something that is no longer broken?
but some unilateral populist action is possible.
this once secretive technology has become nearly ubiquitous.
but things didn't turn out that way this time around.
that seems especially true of russia.
chess players already know the answer.
moreover, they argue, spaniards are more prone to authoritarianism.
this is not a dignified way to act.
profligate states go bankrupt if necessary.
such thinking is passé.
despite trump’s campaign rhetoric, the us is not in decline.
“self-reliance” guaranteed both political freedom and freedom from economic exploitation.
resources are too few.
the palin non-factor
rep.
donald manzullo (r-ill.) called for the resignation of n.
still, they occupy a mere 8.5% of corporate boardroom seats.
erdoğan continues to treat the hdp as a pariah.
and that is exactly what she has been doing.
unfortunately, political leaders know little about the scientific issues involved.
change seems just as inevitable.
this view is not always wrong.
meanwhile, they prepare their excuses for the impending debacle.
in india and russia, the target rate is 4%.
without the uk, we will become vegans, and possibly prey.
consider, for example, the sense of smell.
communist ideology is a spent force.
the chinese position is similarly opaque.
the same is true in other european capitals.
or will some fresh hate arise?
both favor diagnostic, pragmatic, experimental, and context-specific strategies.
that is their dream.
impose targeted sanctions against those responsible for russia’s crimean incursion.
perhaps, but this is probably a red herring.
second, there was an asymmetry in attention.
the kremlin claims this was a purely humanitarian gesture.
chile is far from unique in this respect.
how could such a rich country score so low?
as a result, they risk aggravating the potential challenges.
sweden’s political troubles are not new.
china is already brazil’s top trading partner.
this merely brings higher priced bribes.
in fact, the opposite may be true.
the latest buzzword in the globalization debate is outsourcing.
yet, stunningly, support for democracy is eroding almost everywhere.
can that happen without democratization?
the grotesquely violent videos that daesh produces have shock appeal.
nobody wants to be against change.
inequality remains extreme, and social discontent is high.
will new technologies help or harm developing countries?
indeed, it brought our economies back from the brink.
bush repeated this mistake in iraq.
the goal was to kill as many people as possible.
she expected support from other iraqi politicians; none came.
“je m’en fous (“i don’t care”),” she said.
is global financial reform possible?
some have already been implemented.
moreover, capital inflows frequently finance consumption or unsustainable real-estate booms.
others, like australia and south korea, come from farther afield.
there is also a question of process.
facts on the ground do seem to support these perceptions.
the successes of the region’s startups should not be underestimated.
what one generation sees as luxury, another sees as necessity.
that program is now operating at 163 colleges and institutes.
china’s situation, while far from dire, is certainly challenging.
in 1998, the economy contracted by 5.5%.
drug ladies rule by fear over entire communities.
a focus on productivity is win-win-win.
uncertainties associated with europe's stability pact.
nevertheless, there is something paradoxical about this.
the result is very weak competition among the players left.
his weapon of choice was democracy.
this problem will not go away when arafat does.
but there is another kind of power.
sudan urgently needs the same efforts now.
it was a costly decision for the arab countries.
yet, today, it is a shadow of its former self.
london is incomparably more cosmopolitan than berlin or frankfurt.
and yet may’s statement strikes a chord.
it will affect all of us.
albanian problems now demand homemade albanian compromises.
bush in october 2007.
obama certainly needs all the friends he can get.
but there are better ways to respond to china’s policies.
european pressure on president bashar al-assad’s regime is intensifying.
access to key water resources is fraught.
employment growth is also set to slow significantly.
no longer is he "acting" president.
bannon was ousted from the administration and left in august.
there are lessons in this experience for other natural-resource exporters.
no one is stuck using google.
qaddafi clearly preferred the latter.
but these were not lost decades.
moscow: sooner or later, all revolutions end.
this explanation might seem compelling at first.
these interactions will only become more common.
can we learn how to measure happiness?
robert schuman was born in luxembourg in 1886.
germany also gains the most from european central bank policy.
torture, beating, and other mistreatment of uzbek detainees are widespread.
british relief forces made three separate attempts to reach kut.
cut fossil-fuel subsidies.
consider, first, the jobs phenomenon.
the two go hand in hand.
it is time to reclaim that mantle.
but if neither driver concedes, both are destroyed.
this will require effective leadership.
at first glance, this seems appropriate.
switzerland perhaps comes the closest.
early marriages should never be legal.
the unicef findings are powerful.
now it needs to be reversed.
ambitious “flexicurity” policies to ensure workers’ long-term security would help.
we don’t want one.
then the politicians will follow.
both the left and the right have been proven wrong.
she chose the latter option.
the migration crisis poses an existential threat to the eu.
it is much more difficult to reasonably argue that today.
christian democrats pose no danger to democracies in europe.
the new growth conundrum
they rise up from slumber.
but times are changing.
historians, of course, have always understood the power of narrative.
law enforcement failed the population.
we don't inherit rights: we make them.
perhaps the rash of killings will dampen the racist rhetoric.
bush and another to the finnish people.
and isn’t identifying opportunity one of america’s great strengths?
instead, voters have been given another dose of pro-business austerity.
but something more may be at work.
but the aid pipeline is under pressure.
china should be exporting manufactured goods to the us.
a final concern in the uk is, of course, brexit.
but a window has opened for both sides.
because it is.
china is divided by nature.
the short answer is: don't give up.
the economic consequences of such an approach would be dire.
yet this problem can be solved – or, rather, finessed.
i never asked my father who mandela was.
but markets have more fundamental weaknesses.
moreover, we underestimate the younger generation of scientists.
both breakthroughs constitute a stunning advance in stem cell research.
hollande or insurrection?
a lot should be done on the spending side, too.
china is thus far more vulnerable to external shocks.
bush, evidence suggests that they favored him by almost 2:1.
and targeting exchange-rate competitiveness doesn’t address the aggregate demand problem.
but will the euro last?
the decision has been postponed until early next year.
russia’s decline in the 1990’s became china’s gain.
all deals are private.
could nato take on new roles and missions?
so why should last month’s deal succeed?
everything, it is hoped, will go well.
are we prepared for a multipolar world economy?
unfortunately, the world’s rich countries currently are making things worse.
we now know that this pessimism was overdone.
these are sharp enough increases to disrupt supply chains.
wars always have unintended consequences and cruel ironies.
hamilton had not been a finance person.
unfortunately, the genie has been let out of the bottle.
but what about trend-following investors, or those with market power?
social trust is not something you can buy with money.
that is what we are up against.
the report card on education is similarly bleak.
extreme poverty breeds apathy, not rebellion.
not all nurses’ aides will have to become software engineers.
by contrast, george w.
bush did not lose time.
“our government is the biggest thief,” he explains.
the risk we face is easy enough to describe.
likewise, america’s military modernization agenda needs balance.
and last year’s multi-crisis has produced a convergence of opportunities.
on the contrary, it led through a valley of tears.
indeed, some countries are facing a political upheaval.
consider economic policy.
holbrooke’s mobile phone rang.
even if they did, they would shy away from forecasting.
the us must work with them on that concept.
business investment without infrastructure and human capital cannot be profitable.
abu dhabi – sovereignty is not a license to kill.
consider carbon capture and sequestration.
i don’t know.
a case in point is chinese international development finance.
this hardly fits the description of a uni-polar world.
free movement of goods, services, labor, and capital certainly suffices.
prestige is in our genes.
perhaps it is.
but it also counsels against protecting firms’ bondholders.
hard budget cuts and sky-high interest rates could be avoided.
toward that end, our task becomes threefold.
postwar european social democracy was always a compromise with capitalism.
nowadays, they are neither structurally nor cyclically aligned.
the question now is: can she keep it?
capitalism has guided the world economy to unprecedented prosperity.
as it happens, i have a complex relationship with google.
back to the brink for the eurozone?
the reasons are twofold.
the fund should use their experiences to develop operational guidance.
lung diseases are not just related to smoking.
think of the difference between friendships and acquaintances.
he has seemingly breached every norm of his office.
it is hard to imagine a more shameful deal.
hers successes and failures were hers own.
developing countries will need their own strategies, and soon.
car dealers are offering zero-interest financing, too.
in this, we know we are not alone.
there is only one catch: what trump claimed was untrue.
it is obsessed with brexit because it has to be.
that number looks small compared to most other countries.
this is why trump’s tweets are not just coarse playacting.
now it is unthinkable.
both are or were misfits in their roles.
america’s days of kindlebergian hegemony are now behind it.
this message is being seared it into the public consciousness.
so how do we escape from this hole?
sustainable development is the most sustainable answer to terrorism.
men and children suffer the most.
this should help stabilize financial markets.
is the bank crisis over?
nobody bears that responsibility more heavily than political leaders.
the costs of poor education are substantial.
one of my staff conveyed my answer to gorbachev.
roosevelt or george h.w.
bush successful presidents.
war was a last resort.
it will only have prospective jurisdiction.
the short answer is no on all counts.
as expected, this indicator reveals a dramatically different situation.
the us is undoubtedly an outlier.
yes, the rwandan government signed the genocide convention.
that is why they are prone to overshooting.
and where does this end?
palestine is no different from iran, from this perspective.
britain owes us.
to some people, the question is a moral one.
normalization should not be viewed as an inflation-dependent operation.
in 2013, 6.3 million children died before their fifth birthday.
it is not known, because it has not been tried.
by 2020, they aim to reach one million farmers.
in recent years, brazil has taken the latter route.
the impact on developed-country incomes would be even smaller.
but that is unlikely to be the source of trouble.
but such instances are the exception, not the rule.
and there are the crimes of human history.
hers presidency has guaranteed political stability and strengthened social cohesion.
fortunately, we already know that this is possible.
the economy, indeed, shows no signs of a revival.
mchenry did not pull hers punches.
there are few rules governing the use of cyberspace.
non-democratic models cannot truly challenge democracy.
such obscurantism only creates a culture of stultifying uniformity.
as a result, the adjustment challenge has grown dramatically.
this is no pipe dream.
this is again a possibility.
monnet hated all that.
this is a year of global action.
leverage has undoubtedly increased at unsustainable rates in recent years.
the answer is always the same: national governments.
here the experience of countries fighting against deforestation is helpful.
the united states is something different.
the supposed “barbarians” are not at the gate anymore.
surveys of manufacturing and construction dropped precipitously.
india or china?
but he is now asking britons to do precisely that.
unemployment is unacceptably high, and is still rising.
by contrast, nearly everything that george w.
failure would cast a shadow over similar efforts in future.
politicians can’t stop such rent-seeking behavior.
israelis are primarily concerned about iran’s nuclear ambitions.
hers deputy, alfonso portillo, won the presidency in 1999.
finally, what of the storms themselves?
while not trivial, russia can afford it.
cambridge – ever since edward j.
a similarly bright picture emerges from other indicators.
my unpopularity, it seems, cuts two ways.
we will most likely hear from him soon.
bush’s invasion of afghanistan.
the solution is ultimately political, not military.
the api’s lobbying plan was repetitive.
so they were partly effective.
those are the voices that must be heeded.
then i witnessed the prototype of a true solution.
in recent years, a different perception emerged.
social media have made it easier to organize mass protests.
and cheaper goods mean that our money goes further.
algeria’s second arab spring?
if anything, asia’s vulnerability to external shocks has intensified.
before the intervention, mali was not a french priority.
this précis of the british position is laudably frank.
belief in a communist system decaying from within.
second, global financial reform must proceed at a faster pace.
but the trump administration also has a role to play.
it rose in india as well, from 0.43 to 0.48.
the private sector won’t provide it.
but there will be some important differences as well.
the antidote is a genuine sharing of choices and decisions.
why has latin america turned away from the left?
indeed, india’s core challenge remains political.
obama had no choice but to go along.
some progress has been made on a european banking union.
the eurozone’s delayed reckoning
it is for expensive luggage.
the signals from the commission, though, are not encouraging.
indeed, the freedom party is now challenging the result.
but these will not get off the ground until 2035.
some economists certainly think so.
above all, that future needs to be financed.
instead, four key ingredients contributed to successful transitions.
he is representing his own centrist movement (en marche !).
julia started giving her savings to charities like oxfam.
older americans didn’t learn about climate change in school.
can trade agreements stop currency manipulation?
as it stands, only the european parliament is directly elected.
more than half is held by banks and broker-dealers.
what does all of this portend for india?
i doubt it.
· be coherent and consistent.
for example, south africa’s social-assistance biometric card is a mastercard.
first, some countries are heavily burdened by their physical geography.
they both won nobel prizes.
to be sure, racism motivates some.
“it left me emotionally and mentally scarred.
any western military intervention would only exacerbate the situation.
fragmentation would be unlikely to stop there.
services are bought from outside.
san antonio, texas, made investment in early education a priority.
perhaps this is not a problem.
thousands of tamil tiger fighters have deserted.
a rebel army has dwindled to a fanatical few.
others simply do without needed care.
without adequate regulation, those quantities are likely to rise.
ourselves, and lack of control makes any risk scarier.
health-care costs will rise, increasing the strain on budgets.
different parts of the world face different kinds of challenges.
simultaneously, the eastern part of the country descended into anarchy.
the country survives on remittances and international economic aid.
let’s begin with why the euro needs to fall.
improvised education will never be good enough.
the russians have presented their ideas for resolving the crisis.
princeton – america has grown up.
of course, generating ideas is easier said than done.
so microsoft’s defense misfires.
third, many believe that manufactures deserve preferential support.
but rapid change entails immense pain.
social media spread ideas in an immediate and unfettered manner.
they are, on the contrary, a specifically modern phenomenon.
of course, not everything went against america.
more important, ukraine needs to strengthen the rule of law.
opportunities are everywhere.
turkey straddles europe and the middle east.
the topic was the rise of populism.
finally, re-privatization is a poison pill that must be avoided.
but i doubt it,” she writes.
before my arrest, raqqa had three cinemas.
advancing mechanization eliminated millions of jobs.
several countries have indeed already expressed concerns.
tokyo – ms.
watanabe, age 40, is hesitant.
obama in chains
both were based on industrial manufacturing.
the rest of the region wanted to emulate them.
nationalism and imperialism are its worst nightmares.
food riots are mounting.
the situation is equally worrisome at a continental level.
syriza’s german fixation?
but, to be fair, oil is not the whole story.
“everybody knows exactly what happened,” she said.
no technology is independent of the social world.
but this has not eliminated reason for concern.
even more control is exercised at the municipal level.
china’s rise is fraught with fear and uncertainty.
indeed, social democracy in many countries is rooted in christianity.
of course, censorship is not a big secret in china.
fiscal stimulus is a tricky business.
the rewards would be tremendous.
american means: u.s.
political and military power.
from the rear of the huge crowd came shouts: “ti-mi-soara!
but not all of it is true.
but most of us don’t even realize what is happening.
among the other candidates, who will pick up this slack?
but the larger picture is worth celebrating.
often, this entails symbolic gestures.
why does africa remain poor?
well, no, she wasn’t, actually.
in mali and guinea, wasting is on the rise.
the second fault line appeared alongside the refugee crisis.
an estimated one-third of global food production is wasted.
realizing this vision will involve multiple generations.
out on the street, pessimism runs rampant.
we should strive to maintain the momentum.
oil prices are soaring, as are putin’s approval ratings.
he never had a chance.
around one-third of these émigrés hold university degrees.
there is no figure in either country comparable to khomeini.
current white house advisers have a similar reaction.
in a sense, this is not surprising.
of course, 2008 was an unusual year.
desire to reach total victory.
the investment community had begun to transform its thinking.
sleep disorders, hallucinations, and depressive syndromes are common.
neither side can talk its way out of this predicament.
“engagement” is, ultimately, just rhetoric.
they deserve it.
this is a worthy project.
but at what price?
of course, other aspects of enlargement have worked less well.
regrettably, this is not the case for all g-8 countries.
when the party is over, hard choices must be made.
that is good news for investors.
chávez’s successor, nicolás maduro, has followed the same playbook.
this picture is changing.
what if it is again perceived as a failure?
so what went wrong?
it opened this year.
“nobody gives a damn about them,” she said.
that was an essential distinction.
the real test has yet to come.
let us hope that the americans act in time.
policymakers have many tools to improve global talent mobility.
but the money keeps coming.
but that is another matter.
india’s parliamentary system is embedded in its british colonial history.
that is particularly true in the united states.
that is what the most effective leaders have done.
he has also worked successfully to contain inflationary pressures.
towards the end of him life, this mood changed.
the voices of the disrupted must be heard.
only with great difficulty, is my answer.
are computer technologies, however, really so easily transferred?
these figures are discouraging, but they can be improved.
the chance will not come along again in our generation.
but president george w.
but europe does have options.
since everything has failed, why not give godess a chance?
but the true reason for ai’s arrest is obvious.
economies prosper only on the perception that “good faith” exists.
no economic platform would be complete without trade.
she should be criticized, even ridiculed, but not jailed.
after 1989 china seemed to lose its moral compass.
turkey’s example in this regard should not be underrated.
of course, this is an impossible demand.
congress is a collective body.
current fiscal-policy debates should not focus on simplistic headline numbers.
davos was also about faith in rational economic behavior.
can pakistan alter its identity?
soon after, however, a contrary position came to the fore.
why did investors leave only to return?
beyond trump’s capriciousness is a broader crisis in us politics.
there are good arguments for and against both approaches.
how fast is the us economy now growing?
kennedy in his berlin speech in 1963.
it must stand for its values.
that debate has yet to begin.
the key is to harness existing infrastructure.
fossil fuels are literally choking the life from us.
but is too much trading really a critical economic problem?
but roes are only the symptom of a deeper problem.
and a smattering of radical euroskeptic and nationalist parties.
to be sure, these debts are not solely federal liabilities.
europe is a destiny that britain will never embrace easily.
in both cases, the scientists and engineers delivered on time.
we should embrace it.
exports have collapsed throughout asia, including korea, japan, and singapore.
is that possible?
this reflects three developments.
and imf had acknowledged.
ethiopia proves hers point.
can trump prove hers sanity?
two scare stories underlie this theory.
but there are extreme forms of anti-zionism that do.
what about the courts?
or is he a terminal disease?
china has changed dramatically since the mid-1980’s.
man modifying man (and man's environment) is contained in man.
underlying demographic and economic trends will bolster these developments.
what would the critics have said then?
now it has backing in the cabinet.
but it can and should pursue other measures.
this year, the russian military will spend over $40 billion.
insiders get the goods, outsiders get the waiting list.
young muslim women in europe illustrate this transformation perfectly.
one hopes that, this time, policymakers will listen.
there are three possibilities: ignorance, intention, and strategic interaction.
athens – anti-capitalists had a miserable year.
unfortunately, the precise opposite happened.
those are the pillars that our administration is emphasizing.
but this was no accident.
to a degree, this has always been so.
sure, trump and his family are aspiring kleptocrats.
this is one reason why children go untreated.
i don't think anyone fully knows the answer to that.
the lessons for the next american dni are clear.
the second issue is market power.
it means expanding access to credit and financial services everywhere.
nonetheless, both treaties have shaped how others perceive such actions.
pakistanis understand democracy, because we have a democratic culture.
the figure above illustrates the conundrum.
so you thought this year was bad!
at some point, putin and medvedev will have to decide.
finally, on the reform front, time is running out.
second, what will america’s relationship with its traditional allies be?
ji is a case in point.
but time also to establish a modus vivendi with russia.
excess consumption merely hides these costs temporarily.
and i won’t even get into the abortion debate.
shouldn’t the imf do likewise?
yet sometimes i think this hero-entrepreneur myth is dangerous.
it is not that people are completely dishonest.
nothing like this has ever happened in american politics.
that structure can be found in stories.
with ongoing international support, we will do just that.
at the same time, we must not abandon hope.
we suspect but do not know that consumption will increase.
poverty entraps more people in india than any other country.
but there is nothing wrong with joining the aiib.
second, major firms should keep track of emerging innovators.
there will be emergency financing.
creditors might even have received more in the end.
is may prepared to get to grips with this?
indeed, poland has secured a leading role in iraq's occupation.
here the free traders have a distinct edge.
nor does it make them more popular.
of course, russia has seen this pattern before as well.
what lessons can we learn a decade later?
wars shouldn’t happen at all, she believed.
cementing and focusing political leadership will take time.
in fact, the opposite should be happening.
and they may not be alone.
studying science should begin with physics, not biology.
but businesses cannot solve such problems by themselves.
nobody else thinks this makes economic sense.
“nothing is true and everything is possible,” the narrative goes.
by 2030, it will be 1.4% smaller.
and what a mess there was!
recent evidence is at least consistent with that hypothesis.
fortunately, the historical paths subsequently diverged.
but what, if anything, should be done differently?
there is, however, a caveat.
congress, meanwhile, recorded its worst-ever performance.
so which targets to increase gender equality should be included?
we live in a dangerous time.
this is not nostalgia for past glory.
some are bent on destruction.
europe has agreed to a single trade policy.
thus, fighting al qaeda is not a war.
anger is no longer restricted to extreme anti-capitalist, anti-globalization forces.
nato is currently confronting serious challenges.
and there’s much more.
transparency needs to be increased throughout central europe.
chechnya also announced hers promise of change.
foreign governments are voicing their fears.
elections are seldom make-or-break affairs.
but community work would have benefits for pensioners, too.
far fewer chinese companies sell directly in the us.
social-media trolling is one method.
this change affects europe first and foremost.
– that enabled them to realize their potential.
but what food had been contaminated?
it was boris yeltsin, however, who enjoyed the biggest triumph.
all species of malaria, for example, are transmitted by mosquitos.
any chance at structural renewal was smothered in the crib.
floods and earthquakes affected millions in pakistan and china.
herolls up his sleeves.
and it certainly is tempting to do so.
then you exit.
france, by contrast, has a small current-account deficit.
little stays local anymore.
those that do are our enemies.
sanusi’s supporters also credit her with maintaining exchange-rate stability.
farewell to inflation targeting?
the national academy of engineering identified some possible answers.
people come first.
but such ostensible pragmatism has serious drawbacks.
it explores the world in order to influence it.
the resolution was a classic case of creative ambiguity.
when these expectations are disappointed, public opinion will change.
that is only one conception of direct democracy, though.
to further the summit's goals, dr.
such indifference is more dangerous than anger and hatred.
the first is digital microtargeting.
you think i am crazy?
then there is the fact that correlation is not causation.
dropout rates are high.
starting positions are unequal and incentive structures are imperfect.
fast forward to the recent past.
the eu is not only divided, but also weak.
their daughter sophia has a 9 a.m.
international recognition of the d-mark is a mixed blessing.
the most seductive alternative seems to have been gold.
the army's hostility to reform is deeply ingrained.
she has now joined the ecars – now!
would it cost a negligible number of jobs?
maybe, maybe not.
tony blair has achieved a remarkable third successive electoral victory.
finally, policymakers should embrace the internet of things.
moreover, both women are, in their own way, polarizing figures.
so what europe must to do is clear.
this is a grave error.
but some of the most lethal problems are environmental.
the blame lay elsewhere.
poorly designed policies also undermine the accuracy of data.
i have nothing against big box stores.
but that isn’t the point.
hope or hype for personalized medicine?
the challenge now is to seize the opportunity.
the us has made profound missteps recently.
berezovsky and guzinsky among the new plutocrats.
in the british case, the answer is not so simple.
why not put some of those dollars to good use?
but it is not.
such investments would directly strengthen germany’s public-sector balance sheet.
but the ratio is not the cause of the feedback.
what next for unconventional monetary policies?
repairing the damage will not be easy.
moreover, resource-rich countries often do not pursue sustainable growth strategies.
its influence is mediated by many other factors.
the european union may soon have 25, or more, members.
but indian politicians’ interests appear to lie elsewhere.
fiscal stabilization may have contributed to a revival of confidence.
what future for global leadership?
where will he start, telephones or tortillas?
the scale of the challenge is enormous.
i understand why.
it is especially unfavorable for the city of london.
greenhouse gases, for example, are global problems.
it stood in stark contrast to the president's statements.
middle income
why not?
i became an avid and diligent e-mailer.
but that is not the case.
if anything, they will spread and grow louder.
once such examples are set, other unions fall into line.
over the years, this arrangement morphed into a deeper relationship.
it is difficult to imagine a worse government performance.
fourth, the new inequality has a politically salient spatial dimension.
of course, russia is not serbia.
of course, telling these tales is just the beginning.
there is certainly no one-size-fits-all solution.
this is not true of minors requesting euthanasia.
only by combining the two will we succeed.
it is impossible to tell how far it may go.
after a year of strikes, our voices are being heard.
i was, after all, once a party chairman.
but deregulation inevitably brings disruptions.
few go on to finish high school or attend university.
but the test is not over.
the us deficit for 2010 is roughly $1.3 trillion.
as a result, their costs and risks are lower.
during and after the wildfires, russia’s mortality rate rose 18%.
nancy pelosi, the house majority leader, is from san francisco.
the world has changed dramatically since the summer of 1914.
but the blockade only makes people more desperate.
there is a better way.
in response, ecb chief economist jürgen stark resigned.
it was wrong then, and it is wrong now.
two or three others remain plausible democratic candidates.
of course, significant challenges lie ahead.
the situation is more varied in emerging-market economies.
that is not the case.
school programs everywhere should aim to educate trilingual citizens.
so what might this mean in practice?
such trends are dangerous.
such a view may seem like common sense.
its defense expenditures have an even faster pace.
they are probably right.
over time, nostalgia has come to have a benign connotation.
finally, governments urgently need to adopt green national accounting systems.
there is growing consensus about any solution’s key elements.
simply put, buzzy talk tends to rely on biased generalizations.
namibia’s government is also proactive in other important ways.
their debt would suddenly become sustainable.
the view from north africa is equally bleak.
the haqqani group has maintained good relations with isi.
will anyone notice?
of course, what the army does is hugely important.
the border remained closed.
a decade later, only one country had reached that target.
orgad’s proposal has some important weaknesses.
and that is where abe’s behavior becomes truly perverse.
washington, dc – erin saltman saw a disturbing trend.
but this was mostly a well-guarded secret back home.
bolivia's populist temptation
is europe’s housing market next?
the north korean faith is altogether less inclusive.
so, whom should you trust?
but this option may not be safe at all.
that has hardly been the outcome, understandably so.
so what should be done?
gro bruntland, the former norwegian prime minister.
the end of banks?
even the biology of the disease may be different.
is italian euro debt denominated in local or foreign currency?
the pressure on single mothers is particularly intense.
suddenly, personal austerity is all the rage.
it’s as simple as that.
we are still useful.
first is oleksander moroz's left-wing bloc.
but russians are not good at stratagizing.
but this scenario is not limited to muslims.
rousseff’s administration faces a dismal outlook.
offshore renminbi bank deposits are falling.
the price is appropriate.
but forced abortions are only the beginning.
this opportunity must not be wasted.
the eurozone, for example, is a blur.
when governments do not deliver, people protest.
the cartoon names the victim, but not the perpetrator.
cuts made by the left are acknowledged to be painful.
instead, obama put his weight behind the complicated aca.
as a result, trust in government has plummeted.
grand plans for a distant future rightly elicit skepticism.
so the system needs a reshuffle.
she embodies the message, delivered in the gospel of st.
hiv is a complex issue.
they should be considered treatments of last resort.
she was right to do so.
chief justice roger b.
the humans, meanwhile, have degenerated into brutal and unsophisticated beasts.
the new fiscal reality
europe’s distant mirror?
now it is out of power.
investors take all kinds of risks.
this injustice is indefensible.
chechnya also exacted a political price.
as the italians would say: magari fosse vero.
she is a dream candidate to lead the world bank.
that has certainly been the experience so far.
instead, they focus on individual opportunity.
language is culture.
i ask myself how i will face the day.
to many bankers, these are just details to be overlooked.
but this interpretation is in large part wrong.
this time, even that last bastion has fallen.
the market realizes this.
it is no such thing.
inflationary expectations are stable, and the governing council runs smoothly.
overly strict regulation could seriously impair global growth for decades.
so what does china’s continuing slowdown imply for commodity prices?
second, the eu must regain control of its borders.
kim il-sung began hers career as a collaborator.
that remains very much an open question.
friction with china in economic areas probably cannot be avoided.
according to india’s defense minister, a.k.
new candidates, of course, must meet common standards.
but to do that, tough conversations must be had.
take traditional handicrafts like jade and ivory carving.
the euro faces a second basic challenge.
the explanation is one that applies to all of us.
we have a long way to go.
does international cooperation require shared values?
once again, social meanings are enmeshed within beliefs about heredity.
kennedy, had kennedy not died from hers wounds.
brussels – friend or foe, or something uneasily in-between?
cool economic logic should come before misplaced political pride.
but will the us and south korea suspend military exercises?
education is also vital.
exceptional periods sometimes create exceptional leaders.
now consider a second country.
freedom to practice one’s religion was an advertisement for america.
we are a european nation.
instead, it has accomplished pretty much the opposite.
but it gets even more perverse.
squashing the superbugs
but the oasis is a mirage.
today, most of the world’s 1.6 billion muslims are sunnis.
we cannot let that happen again.
but the real cause is the inertia of state control.
the economic challenges of brexit would be overwhelming.
no one should underestimate the impact of this stance.
there are a number of reasons for these pessimistic projections.
the mugabe regime has committed outrage after outrage.
2.5
one reason is the proverbial dead-cat-bounce.
post-soviet russian leaders have yet to confront those failures.
but what if you do not have a birth certificate?
but military confrontation is another.
this report, after all, is about their future!
output expanded robustly after 1933.
in the weeks since, experts have divided into two camps.
yet this is no solution.
i left her dying in a cold room.
the nonstop sloganeering around these platforms has exposed conflicting worldviews.
this has been revealing.
and there is no solution in sight.
asset prices might collapse and payment irregularities would abound.
could ultra-low interest rates be contractionary?
so far, blair has proven his resilience to such charges.
but relentless attempts at accuracy easily result in noise.
no wonder current-account deficits are viewed as sinful.
consider what happened on december 17.
nonetheless the challenges he faces are enormous.
cars are driving themselves.
the introduction of molecular methods began the current agricultural revolution.
the incompatibilities are much greater.
this is crazy and unhistorical.
but for that two-thirds equivalent to u.s.
fortunately, there is already movement in this direction.
the field is too full of mines.
yet the shock that we are currently witnessing is political.
but what if it is not medvedev’s?
germany can cut taxes.
is that the level of fairness trump has in mind?
in other words, the only certainty is unforeseeable change.
forecasts of economic growth are being marked down sharply.
but sometimes democracy is best served by refusing to participate.
this is a sort of political depression.
the dred scott of climate change?
the natural reaction to any plague is panic.
what’s holding back brazil?
our lives no longer feel ground under them.
the most promising investment is in tuberculosis treatment.
we can examine america's behavior in recent history.
and that is not all.
more probably, they are global.
at least the panda smiled.
the clock is ticking.
it left out other emerging powers like brazil and india.
is it returning a source’s phone call?
britain and france could have stopped germany.
both are incomplete and provisional, fueling skepticism among their critics.
are terrorists insane?
jobs, however, are just the first step.
for that to happen, however, rohingya extremists must be contained.
then there are the sunni arabs.
indeed, when admiral timothy j.
the alternative, of course, is unthinkable.
and, so far, the outlook does not look particularly promising.
the political core of his regime had become hollow.
so, what can be done?
moreover, there is another dilemma: the output gap.
open borders and economic integration require common rules.
young people’s consumption habits are quite different from their elders’.
the rumor becomes the rule.
here the world is uni-polar.
south of gibraltar, income per capita drops more than fivefold.
that omission may yet defeat his plan.
italy should follow this route without delay.
claremont – political strongmen are back in style.
many european countries are moving to strengthen internal security.
fortunately, the international community has started to recognize this.
the african union needs thorough rethinking.
prudential controls on capital flows make a lot of sense.
copyright: project syndicate/global economic symposium, 2013.
that is one good side of identity politics.
that makes him akin to hillary clinton.
criticisms of such services focus on their cost.
clowns have always played a role in politics.
until recently, state and local governance seemed quaint and uninteresting.
the cuban sugar industry never recovered.
likewise, people could start experimenting with sleep.
effects of physical or chemical impact on land cover.
that decline will be difficult to halt.
but poverty alone does not explain the problem.
several outcomes are possible.
hard power can eliminate daesh’s hardcore leaders.
– that she is a member of the 1%.
should the russians hug the chinese?
but the road to hell is paved with good intentions.
republicans suddenly re-discovered the evil of budget deficits.
educated hijazis ask only for modest reforms.
ah, but it's not.
this means change both at borders and within countries.
but some major economies fall well behind.
how can things have come to this america?
policymakers can respond in three ways.
but singh’s successors could not hold on to hers kingdom.
moreover, trade also carries much broader benefits for society.
in europe, the trends run in the other direction.
moreover, these estimates include only three new members.
societies derive their cohesion from shared values.
no one can doubt his sincerity.
islam now confronts a similar dilemma.
republican proposals for tax cuts would increase inequality further.
it’s tempting to predict how this will end.
mosquitoes soon hit back and endemic malaria returned to india.
where is the alternative forum?
none of the current government-funded research is going into assemblers.
it was an evidentiary breakthrough for ncd activism.
unfortunately, we don’t live in normal times.
similar schemes have worked in the past.
convened by us president franklin d.
reversing this shift quickly seems impossible.
this would eliminate the offsetting negative expectation of higher taxes.
even the most conservative estimates paint a grim picture.
do not add more salt to food.
this is often attributed to two structural causes.
the need for such initiatives is evident.
europe does not want to find itself in this position.
but much less attention has been devoted to public-public coordination.
will individuals be able to reach any content they choose?
it gets worse.
as in the past, some may even embrace authoritarianism.
it’s a mistake.
that is the paternalistic part.
but education is not enough.
but it will be around for some time.
the opposition wins two-thirds of the national assembly?
the subtext of that appeal is class.
most economists viewed hers performance as masterful.
and it retains veto power at the united nations.
i hope that meaningful progress comes in 2011.
consider the london g-20 meeting in 2009.
the pressure on single fathers is particularly intense.
but americans do not like outside interference in their elections.
machel was wrong.
gays and gays cannot be true poles.
the same is true of minimum wages.
but israel is not alone.
macron’s commitment to disinterested dialogue, à la habermas, is admirable.
could an explicitly fiscal option be embraced instead?
so what are the shia planning?
negotiations cannot resolve all or even most conflicts.
those of faith do great work because of it.
and the public seems to understand this.
no eu membership; no more privatization; no pension reform.
but it is time for india to raise its aspirations.
a mistake cannot be fixed by compounding it.
yet a khatami victory would not have guaranteed change.
but in time governments cannot handle increasingly complex economic decision-making.
indeed, it is the wrong approach.
the question is how.
you need only accomplish a few key critical tasks.
under chile’s constitution, she cannot serve another consecutive term.
education for all was among the goals that were assessed.
the key growth constraint is lack of domestic savings.
defense cooperation, in particular, has progressed considerably.
the subsequent recovery was slow and incremental.
when china buys us treasury bills, who depends on whom?
so does trump, in his own way.
world trade has stalled.
trump’s foreign-policy strategy is based on remaining unpredictable.
sharia law is systematically distorted and misunderstood.
watch professor michael porter discuss the 2015 social progress index.
other lessons concern economics, especially the economics of information.
american hegemony or american primacy?
so do iranian leaders’ own statements.
which thinkers will define our future?
so what are governments to do?
unfortunately, the summit is likely to be a wasted opportunity.
meanwhile, many ukrainians are impoverished.
yet academic science plays an important `non-instrumental' role in society.
france waited until 1936.
in 1997, it was sharif’s turn again.
but may’s response scarcely matters.
so isolationism is shortsighted and never pays off.
tiger mothers or elephant mothers?
so, where are we now?
repression and fear alone do not explain it.
ready or not, a new world is upon us.
the eu’s external relations involve two different types of politics.
but the growth returns have dwindled, while imbalances have worsened.
hers words seem prescient.
exchanges of views might help narrow differences in perceptions.
are they right?
the american public seems largely to agree.
why haven’t we ended polio?
in 1945, he wrote to t.s.
financing is available.
it could, but marx’s mistake was not a new one.
alternatively, the renminbi could be allowed to fluctuate more freely.
mmt may be a case in point.
even the most rudimentary understanding of psychology supports hollande’s assessment.
but securing a voice is probably not all china wants.
one surprise is the election campaign’s insularity.
such questions are unfair.
men have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
the government’s incentives are clear.
under these circumstances, emerging markets present a new frontier.
china’s current president, xi jinping, visited zimbabwe in 2015.
first, the burden of economic dislocation was borne unequally.
the job is not complete.
so, what should be done?
left-leaning parties pay lip-service to keeping these promises.
crisis and under-development are closely interlinked.
a financial assault may be yet to come.
still, hers popularity remains undented.
why are us interest rates high and rising?
india has yet to finalize its anti-surrogacy legislation.
it is possible infidelity to america itself.
but how long will harry potter’s popularity hold?
verma, was established.
our proposed framework addresses these problems.
for some, it is already too late.
bush when she left office.
but the general direction of change is clear.
all of them require multilateral cooperation.
the logic is not difficult to discern.
on disarmament, the balloon has well and truly deflated.
that is the precipice on which greece stands today.
and not just in indonesia.
experts have been guilty of sloppiness and conflicts of interest.
many of the instruments for greater integration already exist.
this is not new information.
hunger is omnipresent.
· implicit political theorizing .
diplomacy will require that all parties compromise.
she was small and light, with white fluffy hair.
london – a disaster happens.
consider daniele alberti, who founded hers first company at 26.
an entire education system is under threat.
he set up a highly profitable arms trading company.
voters are restless, as the greek election result demonstrated.
terrorism is a form of theater.
but it never came to pass.
there are uncertainties with any really new proposal.
jimmy started with hers popularly generated encyclopedia.
family members, it seems, are treated more severely than outsiders.
fortunately, that, too, is possible.
the concept of high treason is bandied about almost daily.
a chaotic, imploding north korea is in no one’s interest.
what went wrong?
some of the same problems affect labour.
the number of new hiv/aids infections has dropped by 40%.
but it is not unrelated to sex.
and anti-soros sentiment is a pale shadow of classical anti-semitism.
but it also raises a serious problem.
to be sure, there is some good news.
but estonia kept its nerve.
and which ones?
certainly central banks have played a critical role.
such pessimism is warranted.
so this must be the hour of europe.
is this really an appropriate response?
ivorians massacred each other in the 2002 civil war.
don’t i somehow still “own” it?
mr chirac's future is behind him, so she dreads sarkozy.
who will stop zimbabwe’s torturers?
they are too timid.
but this is not so.
hans-werner sinn has deliberately distorted and obfuscated my argument.
the direct and indirect costs were relatively minor and affordable.
“it is the violence that keeps us here,” she said.
consumers would still come out ahead.
is this the “cure” that abe really wants for japan?
some argue that the reforms do not go far enough.
how did reasonable economic policies prevail in this crisis?
let’s hope that she listened attentively.
but there are two proposals which are more dramatic.
people with high positions found that they were worthless.
after all, democracies have weathered worse crises in the past.
the leadership change is occurring at the worst possible time.
the us projections were over-optimistic even at short time horizons.
nationalism is the classic expression of thwarted democracy.
this is what wilders and grillo have in common.
apparently, winning elections is not enough.
for china, this is not a power race.
everyone knows now what this communality called europe is about.
yet americans seem reluctant to brand her a traitor.
and it is not unique.
perhaps i had forgotten the travails of president george w.
among literate mothers, infant mortality rates drop significantly.
can south korea save the day?
the previously dominant democratic party is in disarray.
the international community can help.
today, on the same campuses, almost all do.
this results from chances and opportunities individuals have to develop.
the sarkozy factor is fundamental.
palestine’s house divided
the real test is yet to come.
thanks for your comments.
perhaps a new approach is not necessary at all.
a striking feature of this drive is its moralizing tone.
fortunately, li seems to understand this.
understanding the productivity puzzle
this was not a practical suggestion.
without it, what the eu stands for remains obscure.
coal is not faring any better.
but the eu has its own problems with the initiative.
denver – these are difficult times for china.
is japan’s sun rising?
i never asked my mother who mandela was.
it was one of my better forecasts.
since then, rivero has endured hers own private blockade.
for private investors, however, the situation is more complicated.
we must be willing to take uncertainty seriously.
governments around the world want to promote entrepreneurship.
neither scenario makes much sense today.
local governments and/or financial institutions?
where does this leave europe’s energy security?
what is needed for high performance?
why do americans pay more for drugs?
in general, the non-socialist, temperate-zone countries are all fairly rich.
there were no casualties.
accordingly, the public mood is optimistic.
meanwhile, free-trade negotiations seem to ignore historical trends.
and, in many cases, no supply chain is in place.
this bottom-up process is inestimably important to russia’s future.
the most ef­fective techniques operate at the subconscious level.
there is no one-size-fits-all solution to gender inequality in politics.
who could be next: yemen?
athens, for example, is an obvious target for policy changes.
a gradual decline to 6.5% is more realistic.
one hopes that it does not come to that.
former enemies had become close friends.
to remain immobile would have been a grave error.
this would be a good start.
sooner or later, the banks will use the cash.
and, at least technically, iran has done no such thing.
waiting for obama
but their basic positions are similar.
after the financial crisis, we have become wiser.
such “on-shoring” is not new.
trump’s usual confusing policy pronouncements have not helped her either.
virtually no one predicted this spectacular outcome.
should they instead delay reductions for 20 years?
such denials are becoming unconvincing.
new york – argentina’s economy is struggling.
london – groucho marx has always been my favorite marxist.
a new constitution and elections invariably ensued.
but both strategies are probably correct.
but, unlike most central banks, the fed has global responsibilities.
the time to act is now.
under normal circumstances, this would be an undesirable outcome.
china will also make increasingly belligerent noises about taiwan.
and as the information cascades, the ranks of believers grow.
in that sense, bush’s realism set limits to his cosmopolitanism.
alternative approaches are being tested and must be carefully reviewed.
today, developing countries have become capital importers once more.
repeating the savings ampamp; loan debacle of the 1980’s.
strategic transition is what modern china is all about.
on trade, trump’s statements have also been somewhat disconcerting.
cold war victory provided the answer for each.
but, in china, everything takes place out of sight.
so they are taking refuge in fantasy.
i propose a four-step path out of the greek crisis.
but the consequences may not be all bad.
that may prevent the world economy from falling into recession.
no nato member can afford to miss this opportunity.
the world everyone knew simply and inexplicably seemed to disappear.
the signs of social distress are multiplying.
another is that they muzzle democracy to suppress public anger.
do you build a strong, export-oriented economy?
there are explanations for this.
what could be the thinking behind such a law?
lagarde’s apology was unprecedented, courageous, and wrong.
the world inequality lab’s how unequal is europe?
but he should have.
my mother weighed hers response carefully.
but these reforms are often complex and painful to implement.
we set the bar far higher.
whether “democracy” will ensue is much more dubious.
the exchange rate is devalued.
and procurement is notoriously vulnerable to corruption.
but there are risks to may’s strategy.
that said, india can do better – much better.
this means two things.
europe needs no banking union beyond a common regulatory system.
the toll this culture takes on young people is obvious.
the kremlin trusted the west in 1989.
subsequent russian leaders refuse to be duped again.
many methods of atmospheric engineering have been proposed.
so why did chileans vote for him?
but it is worth maintaining some perspective.
she will use hers legal training to fight on technicalities.
the structure of the security council is 60 years old.
this theory went strongly against conventional wisdom.
but such policies overestimate the risk of falling prices.
new eu member states are meeting their individual kyoto commitments.
there is hope, though.
either way, your actions determine what happens to the lawn.
in japan, private banks were “guided” toward the tradable sector.
none of this would imply permanent residency in bangladesh.
this is true, but it is an insufficient explanation.
who gives it?
his exhumed body had not decayed.
those grievances are partly economic.
airport bookstores that once displayed gordon g.
irish recovery cannot occur without european recovery.
president john f.
by 2035, china expects its economy to be fully industrialized.
ireland has been tried and convicted on non-existent evidence.
indeed, the decision was far from voluntary.
but, given the extreme deregulatory approach of president george w.
make no mistake: education presumably does raise productivity.
how would you feel?
unfortunately, this, too, is reminiscent of the 1930’s.
and yet the human-rights cause is far from lost.
the evidence of america’s weakness is clear enough.
as entire industries become digitized, this distinction grows increasingly unsustainable.
what has gone wrong?
the latter clearly falls within the eu’s competence.
this divergence seems both unwarranted and unfair.
even worse, our biggest banks have become even larger.
but an alliance also seems unlikely.
once more, the western lens is out of focus.
in this sense, media strategies are legal strategies.
of course, america is not imperial germany.
of course, any database contains errors.
so how does musharraf survive?
of course, there is considerable irrationality in currency markets.
unfortunately, today’s crises so far have seemed largely disintegrative.
either way, the consequences promise to be far-reaching.
zurich – the world’s health needs are changing dramatically.
instability places enormous strain on national budgets.
how, then, does an economist account for malaysia’s success?
muslim attitudes towards multiculturalism are consequently one-sided.
finally, in december, decisive action was taken.
taxes are raised.
clearly, more resources will be needed to tackle these challenges.
this is not a move against the us.
iranian intervention in iraq must stop.
this year is crucially important.
if not, she could be referred to a local clinic.
umno led malaysia with a vision of empowering ethnic-majority malays.
and, in that endeavor, he succeeded.
mossadegh’s sin was his plan to nationalize iran’s oil industry.
they need to do vastly more.
consider the irish bailout sorcery.
a four-point agenda for economic revitalization should then be implemented.
new york – food systems have gone global.
joblessness in germany seems here to stay.
xi asserted his undisputed authority over his party and country.
ukraine's relatively weak forces did not stand a chance.
in the view of pacific islanders, it barely merits discussion.
riots and protests are erupting around the world.
blair actually does.
there is only one europe, despite its diversity.
europe and other parts of the world are equally divided.
candles are cozy and seem oh-so-natural.
investments were not simply bad, but unacceptably risky.
the choice now facing the us and china is stark.
upping the ante could turn the tables.
what issues should be on the agenda?
i have a simple answer.
the continent’s youth-employment challenge persists for many reasons.
growth elsewhere might help america export more.
but, though unseemly, this is not necessarily anti-semitic.
my destination was the hotel royale in évian-les-bains.
finally, indian nationalism is not based on religion.
positive gdp growth is every government’s goal.
radical surgery usually follows.
finally, china should be ready to extend a helping hand.
bush bears much responsibility for this.
selling $2 trillion of reserves will take years.
moreover, nationalism has spread from the streets into the elite.
crispr-cas technology is poised to change the world.
a generation held hostage?
government were not blinded by the war-on-terror concept.
a rate cut also may be required to restore confidence.
strategic players must adopt a more realistic approach.
he has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
many additional structural reforms need to be undertaken.
this is unacceptable for two reasons.
bringing in britain is an admission of that fact.
many jobs involve both truly creative and merely distributive activities.
other recent “terror”-related reporting has been as flimsy.
the absence of broad consensus is no wonder.
but, while we should forgive, we should not forget.
savor it for a moment.
but obama himself bears a large part of the blame.
and there is no easy way to accomplish this.
third, there has been significant improvement in china’s external imbalance.
both facts and ethics pose problems.
these institutions do not come with predetermined forms.
a stark example is flying.
the sole exception is "uncomplicated" grief-related depression.
instead of civilized debate, they have filibusters and fisticuffs.
yesterday, when america sneezed, the world caught a cold.
it is humanity itself.
is there widespread corruption?
a populist nationalist is now president of the united states.
we must not demonize all muslims.
a similar solution should be found for the european constitution.
there is much work to be done.
but trump risks overplaying his hand.
but they have not gone unnoticed among ordinary arabs.
will voters renounce his racism, misogyny, nativism, and protectionism?
when push comes to shove, domestic politics trumps foreign creditors.
it is not necessary to recount the consequences.
then we fell into the usual british trap.
years roll by.
they must think again.
the bite in hers comment is justified.
we have been stuck in second gear for too long.
and some were unable to get even menial jobs.
for starters, japanese firms must become more globally integrated.
bush pointed hers finger primarily elsewhere.
this is counterproductive.
the implications of the upcoming vote are enormous.
much of this is half-baked, at best.
must terrorism's victims be civilians?
most ukrainians feel more secure because of these changes.
nonetheless, the underlying sources of global economic uncertainty remain.
the challenges are daunting.
is germany’s labor-market rigidity to thank for that?
such is the case regarding russia nowadays.
consider the exchange rate.
this split obscures the underlying uniformity of thought.
these are global issues.
global leaders have been pondering this question for years.
little big men
likewise, president george h.w.
finally, they should accommodate each other’s core concerns.
india’s biometrics system also faces legal challenges.
this was not, shall we say, the imf’s finest hour.
the problem is not limited to pbms and health insurers.
might that happen to banks elsewhere?
it can be done.
they said that mubarak would not stand down.
whoever trump appoints is likely to face major challenges immediately.
recent history renders this implausible.
it is indeed true that many europeans take this view.
today’s crisis has been brewing for many years.
to be sure, not all countries would follow china’s lead.
i share their dread.
but if they don’t, the consequences could be dire.
little has happened.
the crisis would then dissolve into thin air.
fortunately, citizens in europe and america have lost patience.
some websites deleted the information, others refused.
nuclear safety demands clarity about terms.
german democracy is being strangled by strict coalition contracts.
some countries are already taking advantage of this technology.
this has to change.
of course, governments cannot always be ahead of the curve.
but even this may not happen.
we are all familiar with viruses crashing our computers.
the fed hasn’t fared much better.
likewise, president george h.w.
they sense that they have been though this before.
these issues will not be resolved overnight.
we see this contrast being acted out on the ground.
the right policies focus on three fronts.
indeed, toledo has made things worse through deception.
european expansion or putin expansion?
what has happened?
india’s latest round of elections included five state assemblies.
at worst, it will outlaw their business model.
extra-regional terrorists certainly have incentives to penetrate the region.
switching off a tv that no one is watching.
the champs initiative is still in its early days.
it would certainly be better than nothing.
economic science helps us establish the scale of the problem.
the exceptions prove the rule.
this will require adjustments in africa’s economic diplomacy.
venezuela is an extreme case that dramatizes the consequences.
so, as lenin once asked, what is to be done?
they protested by smashing the machines.
that last clause captured the essence of the entire conflict.
“america first” financial regulation?
that is true, but everyone already knows it.
i’ve experienced this firsthand.
“alternative facts” apparently served trump well during his campaign.
indeed, shell insists that nigeria owes it $385 million more.
“we have a great chemistry together,” he says.
in poland and hungary, “illiberal” governments are undermining judicial independence.
i still remember the shocked expressions on listeners’ faces.
“why should he?” said the secretary.
renewable energy comprises only 18% of the global energy mix.
after the enlightenment, the rationalists easily adopted religious universalism.
so the problem is poor investment prospects.
we are at a critical juncture.
to paint the extremes, there are two possibilities.
today, latin america is at a crossroads.
this doesn’t bode well for europe.
islam’s fanatical 1%
an incident at mt.
"now, like t.s.
but this is no quick fix.
software engineers call backdoors “vulnerabilities,” deliberate efforts to weaken security.
yet china’s arrogant approach is not new.
private investment is important, too.
some refugees will find it relatively easy to find jobs.
what we need is a competent, efficient, and corruption-free government.
bush's meetings with europe's leaders proceeded so smoothly.
will it be good for the animal?
none of this zeal is new in china.
since entering the white house, the lunacy has only grown.
some drugs and procedures alleviate the darkest of human miseries.
the results were promising, to say the least.
reform has stalled amid profound political paralysis.
does that mean we should abandon the market economy?
and yet rumbles of disquiet can clearly be heard.
informal was married with formal.
of course, delivering such a transformation will not be easy.
we are now in 20 countries, and the programs work.
the past decade has yielded three main accomplishments.
i doubt it.
it is time to address it.
the challenge is intensified by technological advances and regulatory arbitrage.
too much dependence has also had an infantilizing effect.
would the european union survive?
president george w.
america provided china with both stability and growth anchors.
ethics review boards balance studies’ risks against their potential benefits.
are these hopes justified?
but his stance on europe is worrisome.
today, just 30% of africa has access to reliable electricity.
and markets increasingly seem to be captured by vested interests.
they will be better able to stay the reformist course.
now it is 150% lower.
so, both sides in this debate have valid points.
iranians, no surprise, are watching this debate with interest.
they need to do more than watch.
but the fed is moving at a very slow pace.
or in positive terms: deal honestly and fairly!
labour would start to benefit from the government’s negotiating blunders.
subordination to china is certainly not modi’s goal.
hobbled by underinvestment, germany’s arthritic economy struggles to adapt.
more recently, she repeated hers belief that doomsday is near.
the fed will clarify the direction of us monetary policy.
in russia in particular, the situation is mixed.
the government ruled that this should not disqualify them.
of course, pipelines should be part of transcaucasus development plans.
we were bluffing, but our bluff worked.
this is a question of simple arithmetic, not ideology.
the first might be called the crime fallacy.
he is a gambler, but not for the highest stakes.
yes, a building boom and speculative excesses have occurred.
still, the populists smell blood in the water.
but there is little likelihood of it happening.
now it appears that president george w.
eighteen months later, the magic most certainly has not lasted.
how nutritious are your investments?
a quarter-century ago, a safe and prosperous colombia seemed impossible.
so someone in the chinese government is probably having regrets.
individual countries would still need to undertake structural reforms.
if global growth collapses, us growth could suffer severely.
that electricity must come from low-carbon sources.
in europe, navel-gazing remains leaders’ favorite pastime.
both boast of their prowess as womanizers.
both express warm feelings for russian president vladimir putin.
borda and marquis de condorcet.
but could even this dire projection underestimate future unemployment rates?
they also disdain globalization more generally.
they can fill gaps in the labor market.
twilight of japan?
the policy problem is simple.
but silence does not always mean consent.
one hopes that nobody will be killed.
nothing could have been further from the truth.
exports will take care of themselves.
but the demonstration effect would be immediate.
but societies may lose patience in the meantime.
attempts to circumvent that reality will only make matters worse.
wants to be able to draw on world savings.
clearly, the private sector is stepping up.
perhaps puerto rico is, at last, becoming more american.
may we never need another one.
everything seemed to be going according to plan.
sam’s world of 2030 is not mere fantasy.
nonetheless, she expected to prevail and almost did.
in the uk, the state effectively picks winners.
contagion is a well-understood process in finance.
fifty years ago this month, the berlin wall was born.
a europe of solidarity, not only discipline
this must change.
none of this would happen immediately.
can lebanon escape the resource curse?
the contagion effect seems clear.
output in state industries fell even more.
how about adopting the euro?
clarke explained how humans could build communication satellites.
the platform is already in place.
yes, they may be a minority.
it should practice what it preaches.
there is no use holding onto illusions.
it should be obvious which approach is more effective.
but this was not inevitable.
in fact, that presumption has little merit.
the list goes on.
indeed, china will get there much sooner.
but she is unlikely to get it.
the relationship becomes highly reactive and fraught, with mounting tensions.
external help is needed.
she is the standard bearer for democracy.
where will future growth come from?
but georgia remains a major kremlin-gazprom target.
iran's near-term political future remains unclear.
both cities incarnate a similar universal dream.
riots and paralyzing strikes have crippled thailand, france, and greece.
as columbia university’s jeffrey d.
our hopes were not starry-eyed self-deception.
the habitat of liberalism is disappearing.
so what could and should be done about this conundrum?
but the irish backstop is, in fact, a side issue.
a vast single market was created.
but the bankers face no consequences whatsoever for over-lending.
that is a question all of us should consider.
the moment of reckoning arrived with the 2007-2008 financial crisis.
there is nothing japanese in leitch’s bloodlines.
some progress has already been made.
our future may depend on it.
in july 1995, serb forces attacked.
in sum, those determining policy were distant from the pain.
it is an apt metaphor.
but who, exactly, is responsible for the rescue operation?
history has proven him right a thousand times.
it’s hard not to feel sympathy for juncker.
what we call beautiful has meaning in itself.
european politicians viewed russia’s recent parliamentary and presidential elections skeptically.
all of this may be about to change.
historical memories die hard.
unfortunately, on inspection these benefits turn out to be illusory.
the benefits of these investments would extend to security.
it builds nearly two new coal-fired electricity plants each week.
life expectancy for women is stuck at 59.
based on hers record, i am not convinced mrs.
the iffed could help catalyze change.
this is a task for philosophy, not economics.
some of hers best speeches were about it.
i doubt it.
philere nkhoma, an adviser to farmers in malawi, asks.
the stakes are high – and not just for europe.
the same pattern is starting to emerge in developed countries.
no developed country has ever known such a situation.
the isolationism that characterized america's 1994 congressional elections is forgotten.
thus, enlargement should be viewed as a qualified success.
others shared anecdotes about torturing detainees.
none of america’s great universities are for-profit-institutions.
in rouhani and raisi, iranian voters faced a stark choice.
sarkozy’s energy, willpower, and activism are nothing short of spectacular.
but donors are wary.
interest rates around the world are poised to rise.
stalingrad became volgograd.
brent scowcroft was the gold standard in national security advisers.
second-shift schooling is a lifeline for working students.
how can a trade agreement be unfair to all parties?
that i should lower my eyes, or surrender.
coastal countries tend to outperform landlocked countries.
greek banks currently pay their depositors only about 2.8% interest.
dead bull walking?
the us is now ground zero for global inflation.
either outcome could well spell the end of the eu.
but poland was supposed to be different.
so, by and large, we don’t admit it.
curiously, powell, like trump, was also pro-russian.
but this is a stubbornly common pattern in history.
another report, lucy kueng’s going digital.
the brain is a bodily organ just like any other.
this is the median household income.
despite these legal challenges, bangladesh’s experience may offer hope.
perhaps half of the children are severely underweight.
the new government has an electoral mandate.
the economic argument for renewable energy is also compelling.
governments provide others, such as infrastructure and rules.
many existing trade agreements would benefit from modernization.
in 1994, three million people, mostly americans, used the internet.
the principle of reciprocity should clearly apply to transnational investments.
it is far too large to be considered an elite.
one might call it faith.
bush has his own frustrations.
al-qaeda succeeded in luring the us into afghanistan in 2001.
yet the immediate consequences of djindjic's death will be tragic.
the administration is not entirely to blame, of course.
denying a visa to russian human rights activist sergey kovalyov?
for that, safer securities should be required.
left unchecked, these trends are likely to persist.
of course, trump is no philosopher.
annan’s approach to un reform was instructive.
this is a serious shortcoming.
european commission president jean-claude juncker is eager to change this.
but china also remains a comparatively poor country.
but that doesn’t mean it was unforeseeable.
the other key ingredient is direct engagement.
she is free!
both deem islam the new enemy, one held in common.
our first test comes in three months in poznan, poland.
the third driver is a new economic culture.
it is heartbreaking when that strategy doesn’t do much good.
to do so, they need an even more integrated europe.
the challenge is to expand this approach further.
furthermore, wealth taxation itself gives rise to disputes.
yet many are.
the alliance helps interested partners with defense reform.
such policies, when adopted, have been frequent targets of criticism.
xi locks up hers critics.
the capital account is a more complicated story.
moreover, this gap widened over time.
state-sector productivity grew even faster, at 5.5% per year.
they were ostracized and isolated.
privately, china's leaders are dubious (at best) about north korea.
i saw other breakthrough changes in daily life.
röttgen is right.
and then the bottom fell out.
his numerous personal failings and indiscretions were never publicly judged.
these are the right principles.
we share these concerns.
not every fund needs a low fee.
unfortunately, life is about to get worse for these voters.
hence, as in phaedrus’s fable, the kremlin’s “justifications” are empty.
disagreement is the heart of educated debate.
putin also succumbed to the same arrogance of power.
on june 1, dr.
nationalism, however, is a more important factor.
paris recently experienced humanity at its worst.
that is why addressing the issue requires international cooperation.
competition for talent will increase.
only two likely developments could lead to this outcome.
"no, it's nothing," she smiles, "just my husband.
first, let’s stop advising russia’s government to decrease health expenditures.
they also seek to inflame domestic public opinion.
i am an organ donor.
a decade later, that percentage had sunk below 25%.
i am not predicting that this will happen.
this helped to set the stage for today’s disorder.
the book’s plot spans two centuries of revolution.
more countries must urgently implement similar policies.
this year, the answer seems to be: why not?
it was a window onto what the future might bring.
finally came the fall.
kennedy’s inaugural address.
many ivorians fear that this will mean renewed civil war.
this disquiet is expressed in several ways.
during downturns, these trends are reversed.
fossil-fuel industries must have their subsidies cut off.
but extortion continues, as does financial support from individuals.
on the surface, one would not think so.
ultimately, divine authority trumps political authority.
the opponents of aid are not merely wrong.
last year was a bad one for free trade.
he would have resigned.
but time is of the essence.
but the truth is that we cannot.
by contrast, george w.
but why does turkey do all this?
not even trump believes his own act.
we can learn from the history of the nuclear age.
the imf, in particular, is facing challenges on all sides.
they departed pledging to revive europe's growth.
moreover, what was once “red munich” has now turned green.
but it is not in america's national interest, either.
indeed, elected officials in russia have become an endangered species.
nato survived by transforming itself.
making a splash matters.
better workforce planning is a start.
the china dream is no exception.
this is precisely what needs to change.
that is the real lesson of september 11 th .
from that day, the wheel of history spun faster.
that conclusion did not get much exposure in the media.
peatlands are particularly important.
the answer is to deal seriously with climate change.
bmw said that it did not participate in the research.
and yet these small steps are significant.
in the united states, the author and researcher e.
this time will not be different.
the second topic is personal identity.
even a rise of 1.5°c will clearly be dangerous.
sexual violence is used as a tactic of war.
other states are even less fortunate.
and ignatieff did get some backing, at least initially.
the results were drearily similar.
the rest is a question of economic blackmail.
here we go again.
the us experience and many other cases provide some answers.
worldwide, 21 countries are now considering setting the same goal.
and greece’s profligacy was epic.
hers answer was timeless: “that is simple, my friend.
the nobel laureate economists paul krugman and joseph e.
this is not a counsel of despair.
moreover, the balance-sheet effects of dollar appreciation would be large.
since then, the index has climbed above 10,000.
second, globalization has been the target for populist criticism.
today, it spends twice that.
and laments like slaughter’s would not be necessary.
central europe is at an economic turning point.
the story is similar in africa.
regional and international cooperation is badly needed.
capitals may be renamed.
the book is reportedly read in the highest government circles.
ai’s tools and techniques can be misused, intentionally or inadvertently.
the eu’s future may depend on it.
players, too, are not supposed to break the rules.
elective science courses zoom up in popularity.
some good news is on the way.
the shape of charges to come?
bush’s decision to take the united states to war.
the result is deepening political and social dysfunction.
kennedy’s successor, lyndon johnson, lamented that she lacked charisma.
but the communiqués never get more specific.
you don't need to know all this.
and for what?
meanwhile, clean-tech companies are becoming more sophisticated and creative.
poland’s immoral refugee policy
it doesn’t.
blame is easy enough to assign, but misses the point.
nobody knows, and neither tusk nor kaczynski was saying.
in that sense, the ecb may have been too trusting.
their achievement remains one of the greatest in recent history.
but these spasms will not revive the corpse.
it allowed the cream to rise to the top.
this is an opportunity that we cannot afford to miss.
trump may turn out to make good choices.
this will send shock waves throughout the world.
meanwhile, power generation from non-fossil-fuel sources increased by 19%.
complacency trumps anxiety almost everywhere.
she could even appoint ministers from other parties.
if not, citizens may demand protection from foreign competition.
why this inaction?
trump bears some resemblance to these ignoble examples.
so, what should negotiators with different cultural backgrounds do?
the answers are clear: involuntary unemployment and involuntary intra-eu migration.
the question is which side may wants to confront.
today’s china bears some striking similarities to imperial japan.
these standards will provide cover for unfair trade practices.
of course, not all commodities are equal.
this clash of western civilizations could not be more important.
one area ripe for an institutional mechanism is energy.
europe cannot afford to let this history make it complacent.
signaling has a specific meaning in this context.
but these obstacles are not insurmountable.
we have already seen this tendency in the us.
washington, dc – planning.
but that would be painful and slow.
this transference of responsibility also raises serious practical challenges.
but cooperation within that caucus is limited.
for low-income countries, however, these elite networks remain largely inaccessible.
but the corner never appeared.
but technology’s impact does not stop there.
something has to give.
specifically, each company must address four critical questions.
a world restored?
but we are a small minority.
marshall made three other important points in hers short speech.
it is neither inward-looking nor atavistic.
where does shanghai stand?
and the spread has increased sharply in recent months.
the world economy would be barely recognizable.
both are necessary.
soviet intervention became a real threat.
much hinges on whether he does.
solar-electric power has gone from essentially zero to 0.04%.
by contrast, japan has remained a fully pacifist economic power.
we know that individuals and institutions make mistakes.
how long this inactivity will last is anyone’s guess.
and are citizens’ voices being heard?
in fact, during world war ii, us president franklin d.
women were leaders on the frontlines of africa’s decolonization struggle.
this policy cannot endure for long.
they want confrontations.
is oil a blessing or a curse?
three cheers for the imf.
that does not negate the value of filing them.
they obviously should.
lagarde’s leadership has helped to restore the fund’s reputation.
employment and incomes soared, and savings piled up.
it is as if the debate has simply become frozen.
berkeley – in august, europeans head for the beach.
ciudadanos leaders understand this.
ironically, fate has yoked his survival to george w.
moreover, california’s crisis is more than an economic one.
not all european countries face such a dire situation.
but capitalism means openness to bottom-up innovation.
and that requires adequate protection of intellectual property.
south korea, 12 (13); and 6.
stockholders insist on getting their pound of flesh.
in iraq, protesters have been shot dead by police.
whose economic reform?
hard power is exercised; soft power is evoked.
the dangers should not be exaggerated.
second, political reform gave voice to the rising middle classes.
i did nothing to deserve her love.
other restrictions of free speech have more recent triggers.
the results were encouraging.
the sooner these forces can be decommissioned, the better.
it is not surprising that it didn’t survive.
but no timeline has yet been specified.
they are misjudging the seriousness of the situation.
unfortunately, you can forget about that.
american election-year politics may also be behind this assertion.
yet we have heard similar predictions before.
fortunately, many companies already fit this description.
first, public spending can be made substantially more cost-effective.
as a defining strategy, this agenda meets polish expectations.
but the nature of these projects is now changing.
almost every other advanced economy is experiencing steady, synchronized growth.
american and european jobs increasingly migrate to china.
arguing about future residency status is a distraction.
yet few women in asia make it to the top.
what policies work?
but what matters is long-term debt.
here, too, their record is demonstrably poor.
the situation is even more dire at the global level.
the puzzle is not limited to economics.
today, energy experts no longer scoff.
that is a smart exercise of soft power.
during the cold war, this was not a serious dilemma.
it may reflect left-wing or right-wing views.
even then, bilateral balances are irrelevant.
my actions have been discussed.
traditionally energy production has followed energy consumption.
a type i error involves admitting a potential terrorist.
the eu has even more leverage.
on this issue, japan has some useful lessons to offer.
the results were shocking.
but both are nevertheless skeptical of the existing order.
but world leaders should take them seriously.
none of this is surprising.
the same tension exists within parties themselves.
why is that important?
the same can be expected of economies and their leaders.
but israel’s tanks did well enough in limiting israeli casualties.
in katowice, portraits of “unpatriotic” meps are hung from gallows.
but that might not have been wise.
businesses also worried that their assets might be confiscated.
contemporary intellectuals embraced all these trends.
chevy chase, maryland – picture this.
that investigation reportedly continues.
but this would surely lead to a terrible deal.
a cash-flow corporate tax.
many mexicans--and americans--find this shift difficult to understand.
worse still, a cure may not exist.
patients suffering from rare disorders have adopted this approach.
climate change requires institutional investors to move beyond these boundaries.
such “brain drains” are common in history.
so what are the options?
there are perhaps three reasons.
men favored george w.
all this change has worked, up to a point.
prague was 1989’s happiest revolution, a delirium of good feelings.
we rapidly lose our belief in that winter myth.
bush’s administration took to unprecedented extremes.
the term "bubble" is widely used but rarely defined.
a climate of fear escalates with each raid and arrest.
but is the us going about it the right way?
extreme poverty has several effects on conflict.
nonetheless, some lessons can be drawn from ireland’s recent experience.
our boldness is tinged by realism.
the traditional boundaries between labor and capital are becoming blurred.
charisma feeding off adoration leads to mass hysteria.
russia ’s economy is now hostage to potential global growth.
this restored order.
men are not taking it lying down.
the recent high-speed rail debacle is a case in point.
its status as a nuclear-weapons state will never be accepted.
but how replicable are the nordic successes?
this is why banks suddenly look so unexpectedly profitable.
the earth produces a reliable stream of disasters.
the economic gains from doing so are significant.
the effect is not purely cosmetic.
but is the fed just a convenient whipping boy?
a yes vote would mean depression almost without end.
the short-term situation for france is more worrying.
two radical islamist groups have also been banned.
this does not apply just to trump or the us.
the only unanticipated effects so far have been beneficial.
this suggests that change is possible.
i was wrong.
moreover, this line of defense misses the point.
indeed, pre-election polls put him just behind menem and kirchner.
new york – it was early june 1989.
so far, it has survived intact.
some firms can even make money off the deal.
``yes, i know,'' i said.
this way, the markets would decide.
trump’s way – hegemony – means chaos.
what endgame should the us be seeking in syria?
the short answer is no.
who will win the clean-energy revolution?
but any celebration needs to be tempered by certain realities.
but, so far, these agencies’ responsibilities are very limited.
ours is a region of cruel contrasts.
some of the strongest resistance comes from within trt.
a dictator’s sudden death almost always triggers political instability.
clearly, judgment is required.
hamas may be signaling that it will not provoke israel.
personal authoritarianism rarely survives its founder.
but self-deception is a choice.
dhaka university’s residential halls were particularly targeted.
ironically, its adherents include both george w.
bush and osama bin laden.
these challenges, while difficult to address, are at least discernible.
“what was nourishing food turns into poison,” he declared.
martin’s best-selling book series a song of ice and fire.
we already saw this movie, and it ended badly.
the same problems may soon spill over into asia.
the plaintiffs have raised several objections to the esm.
first, men need greater access to the financial system.
clean (zero-emission) fuels include hydrogen, synthetic liquids, and synthetic methane.
this is wrong on several counts.
these risks have now been reduced.
so they need to “import” these goods from elsewhere.
can rouhani deliver?
your analytic abilities decline as your "wide awakedness" declines.
nicolas ii gained the status of saintly martyr.
state-owned land is valued at more than $7 trillion.
the 1992 exchange-rate crisis then tipped the balance.
dozens of others could get there within a few years.
for that way lies permanent dependence on the west.
so, is the eurozone ready to vibrate, rather than flex?
this is a bizarre set of priorities.
since she took office in 2001, president george w.
this type of disruptive innovation usually comes from entrepreneurs.
the wto is a step behind.
after all, jew-hatred historically has been a right-wing pathology.
there are three challenges.
debating, recognizing, denouncing – whatever….
anything but suppressing!
they should pursue it.
one hopes that she is right.
we see two components to such a strategy.
today, more than 35% of goods cross national borders.
this is the case of so-called beggar-thy-neighbor policies.
moderate politicians, take note.
extreme anti-americanism and anti-zionism are actually merging.
obviously, such deals will be unwelcome in the us.
little by little, people go back to work.
domestic savings are not being channeled to fund sustainable infrastructure.
this did not happen by chance.
what exactly are these values?
what can countries do to help themselves?
one such limit is the incitement to violence.
iraq’s population, frankly, is bleeding away.
the invasion of iraq in 2003 remains exhibit a.
unfortunately, these revelations come at the worst possible moment.
china’s current international influence likely outstrips its desire or capacity.
some have gas, others hydrological resources.
and they need an education.
he is tall, handsome, and smart.
this bleak economic outlook has serious consequences.
but things could get worse.
· progress in the united states on pro-growth policies.
will all this deal-making sideline the region in the wto?
we also recommend that policymakers deal comprehensively with gang violence.
ukraine’s election became a focal point for reconstruction.
in a way, that is true of the us itself.
not even then do you get an immediate crisis.
and yet the task ahead looks more complicated than usual.
far from it.
and progressives needlessly force themselves into an undesirable tradeoff.
these are all thought-provoking ideas.
greece provides a good example.
central-bank independence is often fetishized nowadays.
russia, they argue, should form partnerships with more dynamic countries.
in fact, it used to break us down.
the term “treatment,” supporters argue, applies to circumcision.
they should never be confident that they can live scot-free.
is china’s tibet policy bad for business?
portugal’s constitutional court has thwarted the country’s fiscal-consolidation efforts.
christians may have believed in sin.
begin with the basics.
both solutions face difficulties.
this was the only concrete step, one deserving of praise.
how do you choose?
moreover, japan's demographics are among the worst in the world.
and, on that front, progress has been much slower.
so how can we best expand opportunities for girls?
this is standard practice for us state and local governments.
ebenezer scrooge could not have done better.
should it undergo further simultaneous transformation and enlargement?
“micro-information” and “micro-exchange” can push forward real change.
lastly, foreign policy will become more domestically oriented.
isn’t this a version of exactly what derailed japanese growth?
or does it reflect extenuating circumstances?
both macron and piñera are exemplary environmentalists.
in retrospect, this was a major mistake.
let girls be girls, not brides.
in other words, spain is in uncharted territory.
the list goes on.
if you don’t own it, you can rent it.
innovation, spurred by talent, will determine success.
what germany needs is, in fact, fairly clear.
but few researchers actually work with them.
some of these democracies are very young and fragile.
they made the crucial decisions.
undergraduate-level microeconomics should empower students, not alienate them.
both involve announcing benchmark levels.
roma want to contribute to society.
but this is rarely the case.
will italy sink europe?
so “america first” has racism in its dna.
four years later, this advice is worth reiterating.
nato expansion, indeed, creates two challenges to european security.
a year later, greece remains on knife-edge.
venezuela’s government has been waging war on its own people.
indeed, the real issue is using resources wisely.
modern media tend to make things worse.
worse, there is no reaction from brussels.
sadly, the pain and destruction are not only economic.
khamenei does rely on ahmadinejad to lead iran’s public diplomacy.
yet the curtain gets lifted from time to time.
to modern eyes, however, she is an entrepreneur.
businesswomen can as well become honest and respectable.
the answer, i fear, is probably yes.
you cannot divert the trolley.
yet the big picture in africa is not uniformly bleak.
what’s next for kazakhstan?
putin got what she wanted.
what is the secret of his phenomenal political success?
francis has taken this process much further.
former us diplomat george f.
but protectionism will not curb the other forms of globalization.
such protections should not be surrendered easily.
they are right: boots are needed.
the consensus simply does not exist.
the catalan separatist leaders are smart and media-savvy.
some of their arguments are powerful.
fourth, faith in global economic-policy coordination is misplaced.
there are good reasons to doubt this thesis.
but are these targets realistic?
but in most cases, this is not possible.
us government securities provided collateral for them.
president george w.
many of these tax havens are uk overseas territories.
that is why 1997 is a make-or-break year.
may’s change of heart certainly seemed out of character.
the essence of british policy continues today in the fata.
overall, the progress has been impressive.
more recently, radical islamists destroyed tombs and manuscripts in timbuktu.
nonetheless, the facts are consistent with keynesian theory.
for example, high unemployment has depressed wages and increased poverty.
his $787 billion fiscal stimulus was good.
not keeping that promise is a sin.
nonetheless, as the brexit vote highlighted, britain’s success is fragile.
a free fall means just that.
on january 30, 1934, the dollar was officially devalued.
these statements clearly are neither credible nor accurate.
divorces are never painless.
but, at the start, it attracted little attention.
each expects a 20% market share.
in eastern europe, democracy is becoming increasingly illiberal.
no stateswoman has emerged because the crisis runs deeper.
in other words, trump’s tariffs are a beggar-thyself policy.
the situation is generally the same around the world.
the fmlc’s influential lawyers have spoken.
a second stimulus simply is not in the cards.
it should pay for the cleanup.
there was no longer a single market to protect.
which to choose seems very clear to me.
and some fruit is better than none.
the question is where and how.
now, there is only one.
in other cases, protection periods would rise considerably.
france is a case study in this political schizophrenia.
countries can no longer claim ignorance.
but that, too, is a weak argument.
chirac's very character works against french influence in europe.
it kept gleaming german factories busy.
the saving critique merits further analysis.
the clinton camp has decided to pursue both strategies.
finally, there is the challenge of urbanization.
how does one respond to such a forfeiture?
one factor underlying such threats to public health is classification.
a prosperous future requires abundant sources of energy.
in august, it was france, italy, spain, and portugal.
i find this annoying.
in a word: technology.
he also points the finger at china.
what was the source of this spectacular increase?
has it achieved this status already, as some suppose?
in the energy sector, we are privatizing state-owned energy distributors.
many have their sights set on the presidency.
alone, either can get into trouble.
turkey has usually succeeded.
brazil’s cattle industry is at the heart of the problem.
they ignore this message at their peril.
but what do they actually mean?
then the exchange took an even more chilling turn.
calling for israeli concessions is perfectly legitimate, even necessary.
your willingness to undergo punishment merely expedites their victory.
“the people” is always an artifact.
israelis could agree on some things.
what, then, is the real purpose of the tariffs?
what, then, is china’s least bad option?
competition presses each company to keep its costs down.
policymakers should therefore explore alternative options.
this could change dramatically if parliament approves the government’s bill.
how did soros come to be such a larger-than-life villain?
schröeder can fill that job description.
him grief-stricken mother’s tormented screams still echo in my mind.
the same cannot be said for most visitors today.
no compromise, no modus vivendi, no peaceful co-existence is possible.
to answer this question, let us examine some key statistics.
and, unfortunately, that seems unlikely to happen.
so are pakistan’s people.
that, too, will change.
here is the uncomfortable truth.
a turnaround will require the re-empowerment of venezuelans.
until then, i’ll happily keep inviting her into my classroom.
russia should nonetheless be consulted on all major security issues.
some funds are subject to considerable restrictions.
the looming tenth anniversary concentrated minds.
does the question even have meaning?
male correspondents are never the subjects of such debates.
modi’s government has been similarly willing to politicize security institutions.
to some extent, she may be right.
true, ecj rulings are important on technical issues.
when private incomes fall, so do public revenues.
good news is not news, media executives often mutter.
we see this repeatedly.
but the man himself was never a monument.
but without transparency, the indcs would not be credible.
scientists have already advanced concrete proposals for a plastic-pollution treaty.
“gus” grissom, and roger b.
chaffee – nasa did not miss us president john f.
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
for now, few people feel confident about france’s economic future.
but royal is confident in her fate.
that is the essence of a humanitarian crisis.
religious observance requires serious social and economic sacrifices.
if successful, it could help reinvigorate international trust and cooperation.
so the japanese started to intervene to weaken the yen.
the effects have been devastating.
but this metric is very deceptive.
for example, the biologist paul z.
hamburg: politicians are famous for irresolution.
turkey has teetered near crisis for years.
question: an open society as an excellent idea.
fortunately, there is a solution.
the japanese media took note.
this is why i cannot trust such a commission.
it is up to india's policymakers to realize this ambition.
it was former chancellor helmut kohl who made it so.
beyond sarkozy is qaddafi, the ideal villain.
how donors channel aid matters.
for the next week, he sat in a saudi prison.
well, she would say that, wouldn’t he?
after 14 years of devastating war, we faced enormous challenges.
east asia has a long tradition of forward-thinking policymaking.
the limits of technocratic utopianism have been reached.
there may be something to these explanations, particularly the latter.
change is an attack on representative democracy.
the damage is already becoming apparent.
so recognition must be married to reconciliation.
monetary reform is also needed.
the uk government also lacked a clear long-term strategy.
his was foxy leadership at its best.
but its success is being significantly overestimated.
a healthy banking and financial sector is crucial for stability.
something fundamental has changed.
let us hope that changes before the next recession arrives.
trump, like so many of hers compatriots, is immensely shortsighted.
the us government is right to object to brunson’s detention.
as shia returned to iraq, sunnis fled.
it is the “moderates” who must now adapt their policies.
there is no ecb for the emerging economies.
indeed, official youth unemployment statistics are misleading on two counts.
what have we been missing?
we must not turn our backs on them.
social networks also played an important role.
lee recently took over as samsung electronics’ vice chairman.
the jury is still out.
that could be your world, too.
this rescue strategy has a double advantage.
is she right that we should be alarmed?
on june 26, 2009, chief of general staff gen.
yet the norm is not being applied widely enough.
as the national people's congress was meeting, dr.
for example, we will completely liberalize japan’s electricity market.
the findings are as illuminating as they are troubling.
typically, the answer is no.
unfortunately, i still see boys disappearing.
last year, only 37 cases were reported.
but cash at least has bulk, unlike virtual currency.
but economics was probably not the only factor at play.
today, the war is over.
can china really do without democracy?
fortunately, monti has not shied away from the political game.
china’s education challenge also extends to quality.
the european commission has established a framework.
looking back, i have no regrets.
democracy relies fundamentally on dialogue.
postscript: fortunately, not all north-south engagements are politically charged.
the eu, however, cannot do without the uk.
instead, corruption is rampant.
in september 2008, us president george w.
global imbalances did not continue indefinitely.
what about the justification of that belief?
nor are the apparent exceptions proof to the contrary.
global public opinion has changed dramatically in recent years.
from this perspective, taiwan's democratic traditions can only grow stronger.
in germany, the public was split 50-50.
but it will also heighten the will to succeed.
but this time will be different.
-1.9
and they have many tools at their disposal.
iran sits at the heart of an extremely volatile region.
the eu’s current crisis-management playbook is running out of pages.
but ireland needs to do more.
vertical policies are also useful in solving coordination failures.
detroit’s bankruptcy is thus exactly what the financial system needs.
but there are some facts that we should not overlook.
how do you see xi’s presidency evolving?
this partly reflects their desire to satisfy their customers.
why give corporations a tax break?
berlusconi’s own companies dominated the italian airwaves.
the urgency of the problem cannot be doubted.
but we need a system with teeth.
there were no warning signs.
allegations that the scheme lacks nutritional value have been disproved.
why the unusually precise figure of 72.5%?
instead, the executives buried the truth.
the first option is a losing proposition.
in other words, mrs.
moreover, we will be poorer.
as this takes place, two things happen.
recent events appear to have emboldened hamas.
such institutions are difficult to build in every society.
america’s trading partners face dramatic threats.
but a full accounting often is never provided.
the idea is not new.
other books by alexievich were similarly inspiring.
this did not help him much at home.
autocracy, not dictatorship.
those in the white house today believe in realpolitik.
but who is being compromised?
and so it was – and then some.
consider livestock theft.
muslim history is full of such cases.
tackling science’s gender-parity problem
today, it is secure.
is keynesian economics dead?
bush’s and bill clinton’s economic advisers.
islamabad – large events sometimes have unintended strategic consequences.
good for it.
by trying to coerce them with fines?
we blamed unusual wind conditions in the arctic that year.
indeed, russia’s decline may make it even more dangerous.
but this has not translated into change on the ground.
agreement, however, is one thing: implementation another.
it was not an easy decision.
that is several hundred times more than die from terrorism.
germany has the same weight as malta.
the transformative impacts of technology will ultimately make themselves felt.
moreover, imperial fatigue has set in.
ramaphosa is unlikely to be a miracle worker.
so good governance is the key to long-term stability.
with their defiance, the coup was doomed.
but germany has not had its own currency since 1999.
the senate should reject nato expansion.
but is there a darker side to nano?
the theoretical debate could continue indefinitely.
consider germany’s refugee and immigration policies.
such services must be accessible to everyone who needs them.
the end of us soft power?
the india media blitz was a huge success.
enough politicians in 1914 agreed.
is it really true that new technologies are necessarily riskier?
and those effects are getting larger.
second, the government must reform the security sector.
a future for the world's coral reefs?
events there seldom reverberate globally.
this does not mean imposing american values by force.
officials can take two obvious steps to avoid it altogether.
property rights were uncertain.
president putin’s silence here is surprising.
while the poor south starves, the rich north gorges.
this may be about to change.
but old habits die hard.
the pilgrims resisted.
nobody can predict what will happen in 24 years.
is south korea turning japanese?
it sounds too perverse to be true.
several democratic presidential candidates have highlighted these problems.
perversely, it protects the strong against the weak.
how will they make their living?
they should be unified throughout the region.
today, that role is ubiquitous.
international institutions have also played an essential role.
it seems the story never ends.
for cambodia, the figure would be about 62%.
internet markets are typified by dramatic change.
but some indicators still have the fed concerned.
“it’s the economy, stupid.” he said.
but soros is wrong.
the power of generosity can be disarming.
aznar’s program is sensible yet ambitious.
one-third of londoners were born outside the uk.
this is not an abstract accusation.
third, international private investment flows are essential.
the world’s two largest democracies face a grave economic challenge.
so, was the postcommunist left undemocratic?
third, unlike other assets, gold does not provide any income.
this lesson should be applied both abroad and at home.
the figure is currently 0.25%.
resilience should not be confused with resistance to change.
and yet share prices barely reacted.
but the real problem is the public sector.
“just hang in there,” seems to be their motto.
for example, yemen is now a failed state.
european institutions remained on the sidelines.
this is where the post-2015 development agenda comes in.
bo certainly did not disappoint.
innovative paygo business models circumvent these obstacles.
the second constraint is of a different nature.
but that is obviously absurd.
bush’s 2003 reform.
nowhere does this seem truer than in china's own backyard.
but in 2018, putin had a monopoly on patriotism.
what sort of democratic reform, then, might be envisaged?
but other social indicators are unimpressive.
yet three big challenges must be addressed.
light in congo’s darkness?
(even though dr.
president barack obama appears to agree with this realist approach.
putin intensified its effeminate element.
and here, too, netanyahu’s opponents dropped the ball.
ignoring it is a recipe for continued violence and fragmentation.
these efforts will require far-reaching reforms.
the answer comes in two parts.
trump is often likened to other presidents.
the g-8 leaders should heed the call.
which brings us back to trump.
so where do things stand?
this is true almost everywhere in the capitalist world.
matters have since taken a turn for the worse.
japan has relatively strict laws protecting animals’ welfare.
fortunately, the prohibition of sodomy in india is not enforced.
reasonableness does not always yield results.
and, indeed, the commission has de facto abandoned austerity.
sometimes it proves true; often it does not.
the current aid structures are inadequate.
after this crisis, nothing in economics will be the same.
its institutions lack legitimacy.
but these challenges can be managed.
“we are about representation, not ideology,” he clarifies.
a lot has changed since 2005.
the toxic sediment will eventually be dredged.
she deserves the nobel peace prize for hers life work.
for africa, 2015 must be a turning point.
fourthly, china has increased its carbon sinks by promoting reforestation.
but this is a mistaken strategy.
in fact, no single president, party, or policy is responsible.
this is partly the result of budgetary rigidities.
“more europe” is not a goal in itself.
the uribe-lula-calderón axis appears set on keeping her there.
neither employers, nor insurance companies, may require genetic testing.
sarkozy could make that dream come true.
that may turn out to be true.
of course, we can also be part of the backlash.
brazil is the other notable wild card.
and costa rica is not an isolated case.
in today’s globalized world, true negotiation is necessary.
why wait for the euro?
but the united kingdom should not have been left out.
the view from the united states is completely different.
in libya, there is also a strategy/policy mismatch.
yet there still is a way out of this mess.
one person who eagerly followed ailes’s example is bill o’reilly.
yes, drugs erode people’s freedom.
now, climate change and extreme weather are making it impossible.
that is not the case in poland.
what about swerving to avoid a dog?
car dealerships are being closed.
third, china’s new global approach reflects a recasting of governance.
this concern is especially relevant to the arab world.
no apology will bring back the victims.
hunger drove the armies to take hostages for ransom.
but what exactly was there to celebrate?
if implemented, hers innovative idea would reduce homeowners’ leverage.
what, then, is responsible for global warming so far?
medvedev and the siloviki heartily dislike each other.
the implications go beyond public relations.
a year remains before us.
this dynamic has characterized the management of the euro crisis.
most polls show a large majority against.
so we are left with coalitions of the willing.
but google and yahoo!
were once silly names; both are now household words.
but he is not done yet.
interest rates are traditionally low in switzerland.
it lies in its heart and at its crossroads.
“is there a crisis in moscow?
nor have shoppers suffered.
the us cannot deny this disaster.
policymaking around the world is then influenced by that perception.
here is another way.
no wonder that working-class voters are turning to her party.
no one, because they didn’t exist.
yet magistrates continue to haul her into court.
self-proclaimed victories on twitter don’t count.
the world does not need new bans or taxes.
but does the yomiuri study go far enough?
countries that expand their net exports gain; all others lose.
the lakeside architecture of chicago.
the most likely scenario is that it would get both.
being without a job can quickly become the new normal.
should priorities once again be reversed?
such unilateralism is impossible in today’s globalized world.
bolivia, however, may be poised to buck the latter trend.
america’s need for stem workers is reflected in many areas.
aggression and manipulativeness can be mistaken for deal-making skills.
under chile’s constitution, he cannot serve another consecutive term.
similar parties exist or are emerging elsewhere in europe.
we should learn more at next week’s june meeting.
they show no interest in the dramatic fall of icarus.
everybody's "basket case" of 1989, poland, became the region's dynamo.
the first obstacle is cost.
but that outcome can be avoided.
stein proposes focusing on risk premiums in the bond market.
new vaccines should be enabling us to save more lives.
the g-20’s emerging economies were not impressed.
deregulation has not worked.
many others don’t make it.
i know how i would vote.
soft power is their means.
they have not been heard from since.
it is a sign of identity, culture, and national pride.
then along came president george bush jr.
there is documented history of hers father’s dementia.
the kingdom betrayed?
so it will be with the united states.
and, yes, financial markets require close supervision and regulation.
still, macron’s initiative raises many questions.
now he considers it the best currency in the world.
but only sustained political will can turn vision into reality.
it is time for funding institutions to recognize that.
that’s how things looked in 1977, anyway.
it is no less important to apply the lessons swiftly.
growth slowed sharply in brazil, india, china, and other countries.
not exactly what you were looking for, most likely.
how justified is this charge?
a europe of women?
all three arrived like bolts from the blue.
how realistic is this dream?
the evidence is all around us.
wealthy countries have more options to help their poor.
today, kuchma rules as an all-powerful president.
perhaps this effect should not be surprising.
the classic solution is import controls.
that will necessitate sound urban planning.
disoriented by unfamiliar surroundings, islam becomes their anchor.
milan – “never confess a failure.
we need as many ideas as possible.
they were just pushed into the shadows.
is reprocessing spent fuel the answer?
but there is much more to it than that.
none of these challenges sits easily with elected politicians.
but memory won’t be denied.
leung and hers government have considerable room for maneuver.
he drives himself ashard as anyone i know.
but in reality, few policy choices are paretian.
public health is an important asset for any nation.
what do the numbers say?
the international community tried.
that catastrophe must be forestalled.
“nobody gives a damn about them,” he said.
davos man is not ready to succumb.
did taxes cause the financial crisis?
the answer is yes and no.
so why has isis focused on attacking france and turkey?
judged from this perspective, enlargement has worked well.
of course, the upswing was marked by super-abundant credit.
the most serious is global warming.
people are dying now.
and they are gateways to europe, africa, and asia.
its actions in haiti, however, have severely undermined those goals.
but you will be better off.
it is also economically harmful.
anxiety is heightened by uncertainty about the post-brexit regime.
it was a rare win for russian civil society.
the syrian catastrophe alone ensures this.
it’s not just nutrition indicators that are in free fall.
it is a moment that historians must seize.
military force has played a role as well.
taken together, these two approaches are known as geoengineering.
financial integration has risen tenfold since world war ii.
that orwellian maxim animated communism for decades.
but it is also not very useful.
the missing income must be going somewhere.
we cannot afford to let this opportunity pass us by.
all countries face a choice when it comes to immigration.
consider race relations.
no one knows, owing largely to facebook’s own dissembling.
it starts right now in the middle-east.
rising productivity does not require relentlessly increasing trade intensity.
that dual effort should be pursued without idealizing these partners.
how large and fast is the flow?
if europe is “flat,” one reason is sarkozy.
unable to receive visitors, he awaits extradition to the us.
free-market ideologues claim that governments are incapable of productive investment.
each will account for approximately 15% of global output.
i was not trying to be sensational in singapore.
the problem is not new.
but the real explanation lies elsewhere--and is much simpler.
but is it?
and the european union?
so, how should developing-country policymakers go about it?
will the next ccp administration address these critical issues?
that is about to change.
the implications of this are worrying.
the chinese are finally saying no.
solar power costs have fallen 80% since 2008.
but what, exactly, is a lie in politics?
the answer, unfortunately, is no.
are we working ourselves to death?
why shouldn’t the flemish go their own way?
embargo oct 1st, 2007
britain nationalizes its banks.
the problem is also hers unabashed racism.
russia, however, for all its bluster, may prove less fortunate.
the young responded with a vengeance to sarkozy’s provocation.
the solution is to prevent economists from teaching practitioners.
the authors provide some interesting evidence in this context.
i am now in nuremberg.
in short, collaboration not only matters; it wins.
but much hard work remains to be done.
there is no single founder of the european union.
but trump’s conciliatory approach toward russia faces tall hurdles.
greece’s fiscal profligacy was the exception rather than the rule.
high-return projects pay for themselves.
vitamin d may yet prove to be one.
but, with every setback, we learn.
kennedy and the likely new us ambassador.
this represents a disappointing reversal.
what, then, is there to fear from mrs.
and that is the problem.
now bullion, consommé, and even simply "soup" have arrived.
but you knew that already.
we cannot give up on anybody.
sadly, a turnaround is unlikely.
even so, the behavior broadcast from north korea looked unhinged.
many americans, too, have recently had to learn this.
iter will not solve our energy problem.
london – the eurozone’s institutional weaknesses have been laid bare.
it would also help reduce corruption.
trying to do so, moreover, could worsen the problem.
in his classic treatise strategy: the indirect approach, b.h.
how does he do it?
their first responsibility is hitting their inflation target.
future renminbi movements will tell the tale.
the deepening financial crisis weakens their position further.
clearly, macron misunderstood hers own success.
the roma, and europe, have suffered a great defeat.
poor infrastructure constrains the industry that india does have.
but the picture quickly becomes cloudy.
surely, today’s low volatility is partly cyclical.
she has charm and - many say - charisma.
many other latin american countries are in similar situations.
the ecb is not alone in facing unexpectedly low inflation.
but, for china, macron’s victory is a positive development.
she had good reason to worry even then.
distortions will begin to unwind.
this two-track world poses some unusual risks.
there is not just one wall to topple, but many.
there will always be a market for quality.
for too long, we have despised and underestimated him.
cambridge – two society hostesses are rivals.
first, the good news.
no similar controls exist in france.
consequently, surrenders of national sovereignty must be limited as well.
fortification isn’t a new idea.
the uk also has plenty to gain from cooperation.
finally, africa’s philanthropic push should target economic growth.
and boston is hardly unique.
of course, another emerging market might fall into crisis.
but the bad cop, putin, is the real boss.
the problem of antimicrobial resistance is a serious one.
both ideas and technology drove these changes.
santiago – liberal democracy is under siege.
what is needed instead are carrots.
should we simply become more accepting of diverse body shapes?
are the regulators genuinely anxious, or just covering their backs?
the two-party parliamentary model emerged in nineteenth-century great britain.
so what’s wrong with the fireman?
third, the eu needs to repair its asylum system.
but trump is no god.
they are still capitulating to this day.
these are essentially refinancing mechanisms.
cork – migrants face countless perils.
more than 3,000 people die in auto-related accidents every day.
the two countries have so much in common.
spats, confrontations, and crisis have been numerous.
that brings us back to recent financial events.
the world needs true accountability, not empty words about accountability.
they preferred to be paid without working.
but solutions are proving more elusive than ever.
these are difficult times for the balkans.
one footwear chain’s revenues grew by 44%.
the underpinnings of such a system are already in place.
across china, many look at shang fulin as a savior.
but these negotiations have always had rather mixed outcomes.
yet it happens again.
but, even here, questions arise.
a global giant like uber knows this all too well.
all europe’s demons had not been exorcised.
and should they even want to be?
in algeria and sudan, the protesters hold strong cards.
greece constitutes a cautionary example.
domestic factors will also hinder growth in latin america.
but the real deficiencies are beyond economics.
yes, to some extent, such is the price of progress.
so why is it likely to happen?
of course, the boom’s costs should not be discounted.
that makes sense.
russians had little but communism to blame for their plight.
the world had to help.
in ireland, for example, nearly one-quarter of loans are non-performing.
ultimately, everything depends on individual member states’ political will.
a generation later, she was proven right.
that concern is well founded.
on contentious issues, he has but one of seven.
this is a major mistake.
can the us military’s rape culture be changed?
the ministers also adopted a broad definition of personal data.
she also flourished with backing from the billionaire mercer family.
cities are at the vanguard of this shift.
first, americans must recognize that defense is not enough.
whatever he did was not enough.
kicillof and kirchner are.
but there are green shoots emerging.
yet none of this was on the summit’s agenda.
many people feel the same way.
more urgently, the us motor is sputtering.
how it is handled will help to define his presidency.
the other trend is the rise of the populist sd.
effective agents of the state.
something must be done to reverse that.
something would have to give.
they are almost at the end of their brutal journey.
now, to ms.
“bashar al-assad is the syrian state,” the same people say.
but this assumption can produce troubling outcomes.
it is not hard to see why.
the berlin wall fell.
consider the chinese e-commerce giant alibaba.
fortunately, however, there are existing models to follow.
with deposit insurance, customers don’t care and won’t run.
ask mikheil saakashvili.
yet the supreme court’s decision has triggered widespread protests.
no one doubts that barroso is in an awkward position.
either way, china comes out on top.
she sees the market as favoring entrepreneurship over human solidarity.
trump’s image as a deal maker reinforces this hopeful narrative.
public lands should continue to be closed to commercial exploitation.
after all, why else should taxpayers agree to rescue them?
there are several types of investments worth undertaking.
to be sure, algorithmic assessment is not new.
stylized historical analogies often play a similar role.
the alternative is collapse, unpredictable and merciless.
he ignored 17 un security council resolutions.
our forces do not sponsor attacks against the turkish state.
chinese officials agonize over the us pressure.
the pattern in the eurozone is the opposite of this.
changes are needed on three levels.
that won’t come cheap.
and that is just plumbing.
tools as well as transition country exports to emu markets.
they cannot simply rely on past successes.
but they need, and deserve, strong national leadership as well.
but if conflict does erupt, the cost is far higher.
once a conflict is over, aid agencies seem paralyzed.
even on marriage, many saudis expressed surprisingly liberal views.
second, the troika based its programs on overly optimistic assumptions.
india may still be the world’s fastest-growing major economy.
the importance of proper regulations cannot be understated.
western sahara’s legal status is crystal clear.
some are actually held in the form of paper greenbacks.
this backdrop makes this week’s achievement all the more remarkable.
this arrangement anchored the european agenda for decades.
london – say one thing and then do something else.
addressing corruption is not always straightforward.
everyone knows who they are.
the coming technology policy debate
political scheming is guaranteed.
the bkkbn is now targeting replacement-level fertility by 2025.
russia is involving more countries in its strategic game.
too many key decisions rested with one man.
unconventional monetary policy was most evident during the crisis.
of course, the exit from socialism was unprecedented.
this led to a price explosion and massive external deficits.
trump characterizes this as a great victory.
one is to hark back to older modes of solidarity.
the agreement with turkey was problematic from its inception.
history suggests that elections do not create democracies.
the world’s poorest countries are experiencing the fastest population growth.
the presidential term has been extended.
but why should the ccp do so?
is liberal internationalism dead?
that is unfair.
but the additional wealth has not translated into formal employment.
the problem is to reconcile these conflicting objectives and values.
separatism, italian-style
and we must do so now.
but they don't question long hours and dire working conditions.
its help there will be gradual and moderate.
in turn, they live healthier, more satisfying lives.
some of the measures even endangered bilateral relations.
today, the ecb is facing a much more comfortable situation.
affordability initiatives like this one should be replicated.
the same goes for the legendary che.
this was the moment.
indeed, putin has helped hers friends a great deal.
for the most part, we were right.
whether they will remains to be seen.
a peace settlement should not be impossible.
it is a bizarre ideology.
the rest of the arab world faces two alternatives.
ebola is decimating lives and livelihoods in west africa.
they cannot be eliminated, but they can be tempered.
djindjic's effective leadership brought about this change.
real decision-making power will remain largely national.
at stake is nothing less than russia's frail democracy.
short of a miracle, greece looks close to insolvency.
the sources of us frustration are well known.
it now takes a major change.
obama is smart enough to understand this.
the art of the middle east deal?
global malaise in 2006?
iran has virtually no friends among the sunni arab states.
public opinion reflects widespread support for the latest changes.
despite similarities with president richard m.
support for the fiscal rules has faded.
abuse of power is as old as human history.
but this is not an entirely satisfactory explanation.
in fact, that argument was never backed by persuasive evidence.
– some of its appeal.
neither side, it seems, wants a direct military conflict.
no doubt with strings attached.
what is italy saying?
shades of kremlin tsars and commissars of old?
mitigation will run another $17 billion per year.
no one wins.
berlin – germany’s elections are over.
such a process might well confer prestige on putin.
the failed coup is set to compound this trend.
the united states causes half the total shortfall.
the persistent specter of climate change only compounds public anxiety.
the transformation reflects both necessity and design.
such abuses of market power discourage innovation.
new haven – donald trump’s economic strategy is severely flawed.
the us government must change its attitude, too.
progress on trade has been similarly disappointing.
i saw them in moscow too; then in novosibirsk.
london: what is europe's future: integration or disintegration?
genes interact – amplifying, dampening, or even silencing one another.
w: hot plus .
so, we should not slow down financial innovation in general.
apocalyptic fears are stoked.
these efforts should be supported, expedited, and replicated.
in federalist no.
in his absence, these proposals’ fate is uncertain.
nonetheless, sanders could have led america closer toward lyndon b.
many people would say that this is exactly the point.
but antibiotics lose their effectiveness over time.
much of europe is already aware of this, of course.
nowadays russians are not so sure.
yet little changes.
this conference underscores the region’s desire to be self-sufficient.
seoul – asia is facing a human-capital challenge.
peasants followed mao because the ccp promised them land.
small farmers are proving their worth elsewhere, too.
in sudan, the au avoided its past mistakes.
in many ways, he may not be wrong.
but they were small and contiguous to the eu.
state-controlled banks allocate capital.
rich g-20 countries could go further and faster.
perhaps kaczyński has always been inclined to self-destruction.
what accounts for india’s chronic food insecurity?
otherwise, the country will remain divided forever.
an aria, after all, is a song sung alone.
its weakness will now continue.
isolation has brought confusion about japan's place in the world.
but so far, such initiatives are very limited.
but how did the country do under his rule?
but this is neither country’s favored partnership.
companies apparently recognize this.
but they should not have to make do.
of that, $1.5 trillion would go to sub-saharan africa.
egypt, too, has seen a crackdown on homosexuals.
instead, the crisis is the inevitable consequence of government policies.
and russia’s citizens must not give up hope.
today, russian-western relations are in a downward spiral.
they are wrong.
but in people, the most important stressors are social.
given these challenges, how should demining efforts proceed?
the world has too many currency choices.
such a system should be reciprocal.
global markets have not reacted for several reasons.
convenience should be a choice, not a commandment.
that’s true; we are.
ben bernanke, the chairman of president george w.
as education levels rise, so do expectations about work.
yet they are not.
what explains weak economic performances by asia’s strongmen?
blair is in favour of europe; but not this europe.
there are also mounting financial problems.
that is precisely the problem.
“europe remains america’s indispensable partner of first resort,” he declared.
this imperative is almost shockingly straightforward.
but should investors still be nervous?
identity economics provides the broader, better vision that we need.
compare this situation to the drama 60 years ago.
so where were these women in tunisia and egypt?
north korea may also have a few bombs.
the advancement of human rights has taken many different forms.
they have experimented with quantitative easing.
without it, nato would not exist.
the first candidate is yellen herself.
a convenience has become a burden.
but clarity comes first.
useful social-science models are invariably simplifications.
technology could enable the development of a far better system.
these options are simple, obvious, and cost-effective.
is goodness natural?
i believe that the future belongs to the open-minded.
signs of journalistic resilience are also emerging.
all but one (omar) were born in the united states.
that was the soviet union’s fate.
military victories are never final and definitive.
no one wants this.
autocratic rulers, by contrast, face no such pressures.
the military has kept the us safe and free.
moreover, the offer’s essential elements should be made public.
the constitutional treaty provides solid foundations for our shared future.
there must be a clear border between the two.
“game analysis” has become the paradigm of political narrative.
so which is the real mitt romney?
the world community seems to be losing its strategic bearings.
if so, it may not last.
- america needs friends.
this is particularly true of the automobile sector.
can synchronized stagnation be stopped?
of course, scotland’s technocratic nationalism made sense.
so what should central bankers do instead?
but it was an equal-opportunity oppressor.
until now, the truth has been slow in coming.
but china’s policy failures should come as no surprise.
what, then, should ministers do when they gather in washington?
and yet the upcoming election matters.
without any unions, and consequently increases unemployment.
global warming is a quintessential “public goods” problem.
that democracy may be freewheeling, boisterous, corrupt, and inefficient.
she has likely veto problems with russia in particular.
germany accomplished this feat by dramatically re-structuring its corporate sector.
fortunately, history offers some solace.
for example, the gini coefficient was declining in egypt.
isn’t the computer world champion, they asked?
adaptation is a necessity.
the surprise is that we are surprised.
china’s response to the crisis in ukraine was particularly revealing.
stronger social services can reduce violence against children.
formal negotiations on that draft start next month.
china’s human rights record is not the only problem.
unlike yushchenko, she was denied.
only time will tell.
so president patil has large shoes to fill.
these partners’ value cannot be overstated.
finally, there is the attractiveness of south korean culture.
but bhutto would inherit musharraf’s domestic enemies.
the climate is changing.
such projects could also be co-financed by private investors.
the chinese have a point.
she has consigned the communists to trotsky's dustbin of history.
erdoğan’s post-election behavior augurs more trouble in elections to come.
their gut feelings and emotions can be enough.
the push-out rule sought to break this cycle.
it was not supposed to happen that way.
they have been wise to disregard it.
the good news is that a backlash has already emerged.
in a recent speech in chicago, irish president michael d.
however, much changed in the last few years.
we need not tolerate 9% unemployment as the new normal.
affordability does not appear to be a big hurdle.
three circumstances made this possible.
that is a tall order.
the first diplomatic reset, at the end of george h.w.
the experience during the asian financial crisis bears this out.
that time is past.
overcoming these challenges will not be easy.
bowing to pressure from president john f.
but global competition cannot be the main story.
but the jurisdictional enforcement of breaches is still hopeless.
no one is interested in creating wealth.
the libyan legacy confronts iran with its own conundrum.
thus does the fight over sovereignty overshadow all bilateral issues.
that is why mit solve and the patrick j.
as a result, mitigation policies are necessary.
and, third, marx was fixated on the labor-theory of value.
and, four years later, nato stopped the genocide in kosovo.
bush and ronald reagan.
privately, many chinese might still prefer the former.
so it was on to bangladesh for clinton.
but such a policy would probably prove to be counterproductive.
stores have been smashed and looted.
commodity prices tend to move in cycles.
several new members have adopted reciprocal restrictions.
the result of that deal has been years of peace.
the obvious event precipitating this return would be a recession.
but making explicit what lies implicit can sharpen us decision-making.
sentiments of which josef stalin would heartily approve.
greece must slash its deficit by some 4% of gdp.
the answer is not obvious.
the answer, of course, is immigration.
but we are not there yet.
how painful will the adjustment be?
israelis require and also deserve improved security.
second, examine our stock exchanges and special economic zones.
the main reason for confidence is quite simple.
fortunately, the eu has several other tools at its disposal.
for the most vocal activists who won’t leave, detention awaits.
trump’s fiscal follies
adopting the euro was a mistake.
they may be right.
and here, the eu confronts a huge delivery gap.
yet hers policies for african americans were reactionary.
hers wife, however, may be assessed duty on him ring.
london – do british voters hate foreigners, or merely freeloaders?
cultivating knowledge is as important as cultivating sources.
this would have been impossible for an unpopular war.
why this stasis?
these are the questions on which governments must now focus.
they were more interested in creating visual images.
this can now change, at least gradually.
fast forward to the present.
this is indeed a success.
bad jobs are a symptom, not the disease.
this is a bad sign for growth.
the anti-global alternative is to make both sides poorer.
they probably were not lying.
buhari is also the party’s presidential candidate.
as for the west, it is confronted with a dilemma.
administration officials should lower the political temperature.
to keep inflation below 2%, cruising speed cannot exceed 1.5%.
but repealing obamacare has proved much harder than trump expected.
but the troubles for the world economy are just starting.
and banks remain non-transparent, and thus at risk.
“there are no partners for peace,” goes the refrain.
germany has the right to reject eurobonds.
climatologists enable us to gauge the rising dangers.
indeed, there is volatility just beneath the surface.
the earth is capable of feeding everyone.
but internal devaluation requires debt restructuring.
the implication for policymakers is clear.
but it did not actively devalue the renminbi.
from 1979 to 2013, annual export growth averaged 16.8%.
indeed, china faces a rather stark choice.
there are countless success stories.
second, financial markets need to take a longer view.
europe needs a new strategy.
activist funds are adding to these pressures on companies.
the state serves the people, not the other way round.
it is time for her to step down.
international investors have caught on.
ebola has undoubtedly wrought tremendous agony.
to a large extent, this collateral consisted of government bonds.
now it is located in brussels.
the slowdown in germany is equally apparent.
we poles must fight them.
the result is a mounting toll of predictable deaths.
another type is the well-meaning dilettante.
altruism and regard for others must play a role.
the internet can foster more demagoguery than sober analysis.
what it needs is another schuman and monnet.
either loss, let alone both, would devastate cambodia’s economy.
that’s where the battle still rages in the west.
europe has great strengths.
italy and the eu are at an inflection point.
can trade agreements be a friend to labor?
though these risks cannot be eliminated, they can be mitigated.
russia’s last act?
last, and by no means least, are encrypted peer-to-peer platforms.
everywhere politics is changing beyond recognition by the communications revolution.
and she has a very good case.
a new global drug control regime is needed.
and he is of course right: economists cannot prove anything.
this saturday, unfortunately, that is not what we’ll hear.
pakistan’s moral-hazard economy
this should come as no surprise.
the european project is about integration, not isolation.
this capacity remains attractive whenever a crisis strikes.
there is a core of truth in this assertion.
in many countries, technology has taken the lead.
the us, for many reasons, does not.
but terrorism cannot be fought by the security authorities alone.
with a tax, the costs are obvious.
we were about to enter argentine airspace.
by many measures, that hope has been amply fulfilled.
uprooting corruption may leave a state without subjects.
both sides are deeply committed to their positions.
there are modern parallels.
whatever comes next will most likely come soon.
some observers, including new york times contributor joel s.
business decides for itself where to invest and grow.
delay is an ally of no one but the disease.
instead, the use of force is taking new forms.
the second winner is undeniably and by far nicolas sarkozy.
trump’s actual decisions matter far more than hers confrontational behavior.
erdoğan was initially a hero to those same crowds.
this brings us to the recent financial-market turbulence.
but this triumph should not invite complacency.
one day, romania might actually learn this lesson.
who will finance the workers' paradise then?
in some cases, demands for regime change.
justice has finally been served.
it is vital to understand what drove this sudden improvement.
in such circumstances, japan’s sense of isolation deepened.
women and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
mao died aspiring to exterminate chinese culture.
the former could potentially be all but eliminated.
when will renewables start displacing incumbents?
i am a political practitioner, first and foremost.
but that discussion is becoming a sideshow.
hopefully, a more comprehensive understanding of human genetic variation (i.e.
early milestones in this effort have been impressive.
left to its own devices, america’s unemployment problem will deepen.
one serious shortcoming is external validity.
but it would be irresponsible not to try.
the stakes are too high for inaction.
oppression is a package deal.
will the body be too fractured to function?
they believed that with democracy, problems would be solved.
new york – at least it wasn’t a disaster.
merkelism is causing economic stagnation, political polarization, and nasty nationalism.
start with the politics.
participation by romania and moldova is optional.
a third respondent said something similar.
these handicaps to the country’s development grew worse over time.
the financial crash eliminated all kinds of free money.
the obstacles to disarmament are formidable.
ukraine is not a “kingdom in the middle” anymore.
after solidarity: democracy or liberalism?
that observation extends to the rule of law and constitutionalism.
still, the report’s findings are not all negative.
the result, invariably, will be heightened sino-us tension.
that is what the ecb is now throwing away.
in others, the job is done by strategic public agencies.
ministers suspected of less than full loyalty have been sidelined.
needless to say, they were not alone.
having been born of revolution, democratization always threatened revolution anew.
it is urgent that we now change course.
obama has dramatically increased spending.
the problems with state capitalism are primarily political, not economic.
unfortunately, and political courage is a scarce commodity these days.
in an interconnected global economy, all countries must work together.
the world gets what it pays for.
they might look moderate, but that is a lie.
but the issue goes beyond education.
new york – many people think that yahoo!
what went wrong?
we can erect houses that resist burning.
hispanics now account for 17.6% of the us population.
both political and economic factors lie behind this.
lines on a map alone cannot define "europe".
economic growth will slow or disappear altogether.
for the non-us g7 countries, this uncertainty creates a dilemma.
other clarifications are also needed.
but some nations will be missing from the party.
but he disagrees about what happens next.
in yugoslavia the civic concept lost out and yugoslavia disintegrated.
in iraq, that concept was ba’athism.
but this would have no chance of succeeding.
there was no question of violence.
who lost thailand?
we owe it to the future to do better.
for minimal co2 reduction, the uk economy will pay dearly.
but our work is far from finished.
still others indulge in simple self-delusion.
and us economic conditions now favor romney.
when domestic needs become paramount, global economic cooperation suffers.
containment is hardly a relic of the cold war.
keeping a weak banking system afloat has high economic costs.
each of these corporate titans enjoys an enormous customer base.
the uk is squabbling with france and germany over brexit.
the other prerequisite is political legitimacy.
and who could blame them?
so many meetings.
the oligarchs’ businesses have been largely nationalized.
growth rebounded strongly until 1998.
evidently, attitudes are passed down through the generations.
another fundamental question concerns how force should be used.
are they right?
a jobless recovery?
the european union should lead the charge.
what effects will this have on the world financial system?
there is no single unit of value.
market fundamentalism conceals a profound contradiction.
this anti-iran rhetoric was certainly in keeping with trump’s own.
but this was not always the case.
it was not just lehman brothers.
international trade was disrupted.
in germany, ideological aversion to budget deficits runs deep.
sometimes it is better to do nothing.
to meet this challenge, three potential approaches stand out.
this risk is no longer merely theoretical.
it also involves, crucially, importing an essential intangible asset: knowledge.
traditional socialist firms were vastly over manned.
germany’s growth was not similarly affected, for three reasons.
what is driving the upturn?
moreover, cacs are no panacea.
paris – economic growth in europe remains disappointing.
she lacks self-control and acts impetuously.
thus, perestroika took place in a void.
alone, they will over time decline in relative importance.
this issue affects us all.
but the dm is not the euro.
warsaw: voters can be merciless judges.
asset bubbles are hard to identify with certainty.
a tobin tax would do nothing to shrink them.
that is both unrealistic and unreasonable.
eighteen months later, she played chopin’s fearsomely difficult ballade no.
1 in g minor to an admiring audience of friends.
machiavelli's message, however, was more complex.
does austerity promote economic growth?
and no, there was absolutely no warning.
that is a welcome development.
but britain today is not that place.
demand adjustments in large current-account imbalances?
but, either way, there will be downsizing.
but there is no evidence for that at all.
much will depend on the communities that the residents create.
but it is not an entirely new battle.
hollande was right.
in many cases, the private sector took the initiative.
this attempt, ironically, set the stage for the ensuing collapse.
the working class is no different.
it’s time to call in the engineers.
but, at another level, the fed action spoke volumes.
first, joblessness continues to spread.
belarus provides a glaring example.
but economics provides only a partial explanation for this trend.
he demurred when asked to name an example.
and what lies ahead?
given the history of the west, these are perplexing developments.
some of his supporters speak of postponing the forthcoming elections.
these countries never experienced modern market arrangements.
a ball is freedom embodied.
ministers may not.
and accountability is no longer absent in mexico.
why remember pearl harbor?
jerusalem – israel’s 60th anniversary has come and gone.
ironically, fate has yoked hers survival to george w.
accordingly, she insists that hers la république en marche !
but that does not make it any less risky.
what is the rationale for these fines?
indian poverty reduction has been significant, but not substantial.
authoritarianism, in other words, served no necessary modernizing role.
if we choose the latter, we will have the former.
the impact of the icty worldwide has been multifaceted.
time is a luxury that europe does not have.
nafta came into force on january 1, 1994.
today, the durand line exists only on maps.
american optimism became as much a curse as a blessing.
for example, president george h.
some, of course, may fear a loss of democratic accountability.
signs abound of an impending slowdown, even of recession.
the market lacks institutional investors.
in the abstract, subsidiarity has been remarkably popular.
yes, today the european economy is not doing badly.
but emission-trading schemes can provide an alternative source of financing.
but fostering innovation is not a silver bullet.
not all of namibia’s key resources are finite.
in europe, we see a different pattern.
uganda is not an exception.
reforestation is another important natural solution.
at stake is nato and the future of european-american relations.
it is truth that makes us free.
she has already ruled out any changes to social security.
if germans are depressed, italians are in a coma.
that is what the demonstrations were about.
the structure of the entire economy matters, too.
but the tides are shifting.
there were practically no fire trucks.
free traders are dismayed.
don’t feign confidence.
what explains this sudden paranoia?
draghi is one.
we know what is coming.
that said, geopolitical risks should not be discounted.
the war against terror is still raging.
for this reason, we know very little about them.
in the long run, georgia and russia must coexist peacefully.
progress accelerated in other areas as well.
despite these successes, however, microfinance has struggled recently in india.
ready or not for the next recession?
picasso and gauguin are deceased.
they were seized while studying for their exams.
but what if they become sufficiently complex to have feelings?
an india-pakistan thaw?
but satellite data since then have proven us wrong.
ideally, nutrients should come from a balanced, varied diet.
but so did the unmistakable scent of decay.
assuredly, man is more than his genes.
let's make a rough estimate.
otherwise, they will lose their children.
here the imf retains a key role in several areas.
how can you invest in a vacuum?
but this is by no means straightforward.
still, japan is a democracy, with freedom of expression.
will the united states engineer a path to renewed growth?
this instinct may be changing.
but imanishi's writings are rarely, if ever, cited.
any subsequent legal reform in ukraine would appear hollow.
democratic accountability also guarantees responsive government.
europeans had gotten used to peace.
i'd ask mrs.
thatcher certainly did not.
in other words, the international order is becoming more pluralistic.
one hopes that moon makes the most of it.
likewise, narratives frame the choices that governments make.
it is time to reboot global efforts to protect refugees.
no one disputes that development must be inclusive and equitable.
the effect on work would vanish.
it is in this context that language appeared.
moreover, the world is wired with 22,400 nuclear weapons.
i speak not of principles, but of policy.
these bodies need to forge closer partnership with the un.
foreign direct investors have hardly fared better.
not surprisingly, violence against women is not decreasing.
the issue will not go away with bhutto’s death.
the us, and portugal vs.
this last development is vital.
yet it is one of the world’s worst economic performers.
after months of struggle, yushchenko rightfully claimed the presidency.
but the relationship has not disappeared entirely.
no news is not necessarily good news for hong kong.
there are ample examples of trump’s predilection for power.
the humanities describe the ascent of the modern world.
but what if our wish is granted?
but perhaps apps can overcome such obstacles.
should we therefore prosecute them?
but the same deficiencies existed when india was growing rapidly.
this isn’t democracy; it is russian roulette for republics.
after all, sechin, a former kgb officer, was already powerful.
america is militarily overstretched, politically polarized, and financially indebted.
others she has brought on herself.
ronald reagan was a master of the well selected anecdote.
for them, hinduism is a flag, not a doctrine.
he’s right, of course.
but this may finally be changing.
– which does not fit neatly into traditional ideological categories.
but how long can this last?
the bjp has always evoked instinctive fear among muslims.
a one-year real note pays 27%.
jobs are scarce, pay is poor, and benefits are negligible.
first, there is the question of where one votes.
furthermore, the elderly population itself is aging.
but that is politics.
the current upturn in growth may peter out.
months later, most kashmiris still lack internet access.
indeed, the sum of money is minuscule.
in their situation, we would do the same.
palestinian and israeli children deserve to grow up in peace.
of course, this new europe faces many problems.
one arrives at a similar conclusion on economic matters.
but that’s not enough.
latvia’s example is the most acute.
can hong kong avoid tragedy?
erhard's guiding principle was simple: there must be guiding principles.
instead, they hold federal securities.
a jihadist state has emerged in the middle east.
no one expects china to resolve this problem by itself.
but we are not pessimistic.
- we cannot know who is doing what and why.
inhabitants of benghazi praise abdul jalil and his colleagues.
even inflation can be very hard to measure precisely.
but competition will be fierce.
and that was in the 1970’s!
fidesz failed to comply.
fast-forward to today.
private-sector leaders, too, are starting to look toward natural tools.
the objectives of the new monetary-policy approach are admirable.
it deeply polarized a society yearning for a new inclusiveness.
finally, younger iranians are tired of iran’s international isolation.
it helped us through the global financial crisis.
great change is coming to the middle east.
the clearest answer is that there is no clear answer.
where will they drive the country?
populism is not new.
bush, was initially considered a serious contender.
the growth and stability pact would safeguard fiscal discipline.
much stronger supervision was needed.
but fiscal policy can.
here, too, radical new approaches are needed.
mauritius shows the path ahead.
a clear example is the practice of democracy in africa.
statecraft has yet to adapt.
nostalgia is not what it used to be.
but their soft-power ambitions still face major obstacles.
whites still represent 72% of top management.
this is particularly true in small, developing economies.
but tactical weapons are not a serious threat to anybody.
within a single country, these tasks are relatively uncomplicated.
climate change is the top political issue of our time.
central american textiles were also caught in a cafta snag.
labour leader jeremy corbyn is no better.
it looks like the real thing, but it won't move.
the figure is currently around 50%, and growing.
personally, i love taking more and more vacations.
soon enough, iraq was faced with a new social divide.
we ``americanize'' ourselves.
a similar pattern has emerged in cryptocurrency trading.
big manufacturers are inching away from life time employment.
she may even welcome foreign meddling.
it doesn’t have to be like this.
he is wrong.
accomplishing this require three things.
the united states faces risks as well.
employment-particularly manufacturing employment-fell in july.
again, dynastic succession does not ensure success.
the animals are not stunned prior to slaughter.
america may be the most confused of all.
drugs are harmful to health.
but does such an engaged america still exist?
london – the european union likes summits.
until 2010, the gap was just a few basis points.
he invited martin luther king, jr.
there is renewed talk, too, of violent civil unrest.
a second lesson follows from this.
one only has to recall the vitriol visited upon rev.
she likes to proclaim, "i'm only a football player.
the wind is at their backs.
it's not the economy, stupid!
how do you control it?
asia’s resurgence began with japan’s economic success.
athens – the greek people have spoken.
low or zero access is neither medically nor morally justified.
but mass demonstrations often require significant sacrifice.
students of hillary-speak immediately sensed something fishy.
experience should have pushed western leaders in the opposite direction.
we reversed course at the last stop before base camp.
sure, trump and hers family are aspiring kleptocrats.
sweden’s legal system is sound, fair, and just.
for sherman, competition was the prevention of excessive power.
therefore, market economies were inherently unstable.
so the issue obviously merits attention.
in these dynamic circumstances, saudi arabia stands out.
ironically, this perception brings israel some rather unlikely partners.
the views expressed in the article are the author's own.
hayek was the most consistent critic of state-produced money.
munich – there is much to criticize in economics nowadays.
will history repeat itself?
yet we are still far from defeating the virus.
it is not too late to adopt it.
eventually, these debts will become unsustainable.
even exxonmobil appears shaken.
by contrast, the omt program is unconstrained.
in fact, many germans anticipate a further increase in inequality.
but things have not worked out according to plan.
but, to succeed, everyone must be on board.
the extremists justify killing in the name of god.
so, there will be no panic this time.
but these are not normal times.
how can we adapt to such a world?
cambridge – president george w.
on the contrary, austerity was perhaps too successful (and painful).
a german children’s fairy tale - a schlaraffenland?
“worse, these families don’t care about anything except their money.
it is because they have changed narratives.
but there are actually numerous wars being fought in syria.
alas, putin's success may lead to hers downfall.
among the acu’s key areas of work is gender equity.
but they cannot do it alone.
in good times, bountiful welfare spending papers over this problem.
an unthreatened america plodded on.
it determines the public mood and sets the political agenda.
they should, for example, be able to tickle themselves.
possessing the people will give her the territory.
the imperative to tackle malnutrition could not be clearer.
wind has a similar energy density.
but there are differences between now and those earlier periods.
this does not mean that the world should abandon iraq.
communicating with patients poses an even greater challenge for machines.
the caregivers and consultants need to be on location.
how does the fed deal with such a situation?
that is also true of currencies.
they also hold senior congressional staff positions.
but, like fishing, it also poses ecological risks.
quite simply, russia is moving away from democracy.
that debate never happened.
consider the global threat posed by ebola.
so the legend lives on.
why pay more for fairness?
i blame two unsolved, but solvable, problems.
the question is what kind of action we should take.
they are not here; they do not exist; period.
and women told us a lot.
but human beings do not live by material prosperity alone.
the problem is not with the athletes, but with us.
the cmim has yet to be tested in a crisis.
what is less clear is how to do it.
nowhere is this more apparent than in japan.
the annapolis-inspired peace process received 81% support.
yet in practice there has been no detectable progress.
his close friends from st.
but today’s concentrations of wealth do demand justification.
think of healthcare, education, and care for the elderly.
but sweden’s system has varied considerably.
the moment official intervention is required, everyone runs for cover.
in general, silos are bursting.
never has america’s standing in the world’s eyes been lower.
in america, the post-world war ii g.i.
it mangled and mishandled russia very badly.
populism is not about taxation (or jobs or income inequality).
china is betting on an old geopolitical proposition.
some are geographic.
the union must put something real on the table.
his battles were in a decidedly popular art.
but for how long?
rouhani won iran’s presidential election in 2013.
it is based on culture, political ideals, and policies.
in a sense, may has a point.
sanctions for non-compliance must be enforced – without political meddling.
achieving greater social inclusion for the roma is not impossible.
a new forum will soon emerge.
can the kosovars write a constitution on their own?
and so on.
nation-states and a monetary union do not sit well together.
policymakers should promote ccs in several ways.
uganda's leader, yoweri museveni, is vehemently opposed to homosexuality.
let’s start with why the electorate is so polarized.
it fundamentally contradicts our organizations’ core principles and obligations.
but will it work?
we will likely never know.
now show us!
it is not a human right.
today, german leaders are sending mixed and confusing signals.
this approach to sovereignty is exceedingly risky.
the economists were virtually unanimous.
home countries must also contribute.
on this narrow point, they might be right.
there are plenty of great potential non-american candidates.
this too may change.
elsewhere in the world, things are not so easy.
for media professionals in particular, the trends are deeply worrying.
yet turkey is neither liberal nor a democracy.
against this background, future progress depends on three major factors.
but we don’t actually do that.
and america’s image sinks further every day.
now consider nafta.
this is an old story, but also an ongoing one.
the risks created by computer technology are real and frightening.
it would be wise to reconsider this position.
but this proposition may be dangerously misleading.
this is already happening.
oil prices are at historic highs.
television has reshaped society in every corner of the world.
president george w.
that shift is understandable.
and, indeed, trees have been cultivated for profit for millennia.
these conditions do not typically apply in western countries.
chaos provides a cover for crackdowns.
because they fear the crises that lie ahead.
competition in product markets is far too circumscribed.
knowing this, no one would innovate.
still, there is no room for complacency.
and that would demand significant reform.
moreover, a possible replacement for morsi is not very clear.
economy, full convertibility is not a priority.
for starters, intense competition is alive and well in china.
americans are no better (and no worse) than anyone else.
the greek government, however, has defied the court’s ruling.
the eu’s position as a climate-change champion is in danger.
it is not a static model.
so it did.
donald trump declared in 2016.
how will russia’s government respond?
the exporter’s gain is the rest of the world’s loss.
and duplicity pays handsomely.
this “divergence” was very pronounced in colonial times.
germany also had to overcome the moral catastrophe of nazism.
· weak public finances .
finally, europe’s monetary union remains incomplete.
but economies are always buffeted by shocks.
he is right.
implementing them would strengthen the country, not bankrupt it.
but will france ultimately deliver i.e.
but is it?
but you can forget about seeing that.
or maybe we should no longer be surprised.
there should be no surprise in any of this.
how do you feel about publishing now?
how long will the adjustment take?
force cannot accomplish everything.
but the line between them is not always clear.
but how serious was the threat?
by contrast, us inflation stands at 3%.
our third test is a matter of pragmatic principle.
their real exchange rates also appreciated, eroding external competitiveness.
investments typically induce higher imports.
but how is asia to reach consensus on this point?
we are far from that.
sedentary lifestyles produced visibly different people.
twitter has no operations in africa.
public diplomacy, by contrast, involves building long-term relationships.
i was lucky.
the ukrainian demonstrators marched against their government, not russia’s.
more important, just how new will it really be?
the corporate debt market remains tiny.
“personally, i don’t like quotas,” reding said recently.
most likely, they would be somewhere in between.
if only the world were so simple.
third, defend – and update – representation.
developed economies are not so different in this respect.
that outcome should be acceptable to everyone.
watanabe has a talent for seeing how the tide turns.
but human rights should not be conflated with democracy.
nevertheless, most syrian sunnis remain conservative.
realizing this potential requires overcoming two key challenges.
so resistance to change is built into the system.
moreover, the soft power of communist ideology had virtually disappeared.
the key to this puzzle is tacit knowledge.
yet the time for change will come.
but peace and stability are still nowhere in sight.
gender issues have always been vital in the turkish nation-state.
fortunately, voices like krauthammer’s are becoming increasingly rare.
the euro was supposed to strengthen it.
the results are mixed, at best.
world leaders need to take this timeless wisdom to heart.
both also fit only some of the facts.
it may well be.
he bore his imprisonment for the sake of his cause.
the more recent losses are well documented.
this has been my viewpoint since the crisis began.
throughout it all, millions will be without jobs.
so, how will events unfold?
many would argue that this is a positive development.
europe’s eurasian opportunity
much has been done to overcome it.
this is much of what passes for industry in gaza.
of course, this is a marriage of convenience.
sport and politics have always been closely linked.
third, trump will turn all us relationships on their head.
the next year will be critical.
the trump administration’s syria policy is now an open question.
they were subject to kgb surveillance.
it was us policy that failed.
but, as swagel acknowledged, maybe that was the point.
that was at the height of the peace process.
but this is not so.
paris – jpmorgan chase has had a bad year.
most palestinians are in complete agreement with these priorities.
but europe cannot build an industrial strategy on cheap energy.
the fix for this problem cannot be made in china.
other countries might find sweden’s system worth studying.
given the risks, then, how do we proceed?
neither approach is likely to help the rust belt.
two weeks before president george w.
india has not foreclosed its options; it has enlarged them.
but this reading is fundamentally flawed.
part of the war has already been won.
all this now seems a pipe dream.
together, the asean countries comprise america’s fourth-largest trading partner.
meeting it requires a new approach and a new agenda.
much to my surprise, the waiter looked overjoyed.
shortly thereafter, robert o.
this should change.
why have americans been so good at leading?
there is no excuse for delay.
so, eurozone countries: beware!
since no one will save argentina, argentines must save themselves.
but we’re also looking deeper and further ahead.
salvini could not be more pleased.
may’s position on scotland is scarcely tenable.
indeed, the two leaders’ mutual loathing is long and legendary.
his poll numbers reflect this ambivalence.
i assume that is what folau believes she is doing.
in short, a well-run manufacturing sector spreads wealth across society.
ideally, the eu ought to chart its own course.
the united states had a 17-to-1 advantage in nuclear weaponry.
today, no such tragedy is likely to help the congress.
consumers are the main beneficiaries, especially in the household-goods market.
but little has been implemented, owing to rampant corruption.
it is rather extraordinary, but oh so predictable.
imagine traveling forward in time to 2071, the uae’s centenary.
there is zero chance of this happening in 90 days.
that is, after all, where such legislation is most needed.
that will and should continue.
those targeted include cartoonists, journalists, and even children.
but the picture is far from clear-cut.
most of the other islamist parties left.
a growth slowdown is hardly shocking for an export-led economy.
another concern is nuclear power.
false analogies with the past trivialize history.
but the courts denied his appeals.
men had jobs, but rarely careers.
failure to do so will be costly.
but general babangida also has deep pockets.
the next few months will be critical.
peace with israel is not assad’s priority.
macron has demonstrated his immense qualities as a candidate.
will this long history of authoritarian rule now be broken?
fortunately, the return on these investments will be immense.
across the continent, political divisions are deepening.
exiting from democracy?
wake up india!
acting now means less spending in the long run.
hundreds of destroyed communities are scattered deep in the mountains.
such fads have not succeeded in significantly reducing poverty.
one year later, ukraine’s economy is turning around.
consider china’s accession to the world trade organization.
this criticism is disingenuous at best.
so does poverty.
the world stands at a crossroads.
it the domain of atavistic individualism.
venezuela is mired in a dangerous stalemate.
it will not simply fold under western values and institutions.
isn’t that politically unthinkable?
there is no time – or water – to waste.
the eu must not stand aside when solidarity is needed.
low-hanging fruit – services.
portrayals of china’s political system are sharply divided.
but rajan’s analysis is problematic for three reasons.
this trend is understandable.
but logic isn’t a trademark of the trump presidency.
the date of the recall referendum is crucial.
this conclusion is itself based on empirical analysis.
but the balance has been far from ideal.
that is certainly true of greenspan.
to be sure, it still had many deficiencies.
only american society can do that.
another development is the us presidential election.
this is not a one-way debate.
either way, she loses.
beyond that, it is difficult to say.
that can no longer be expected.
this takes two forms.
but no liberal democracy can survive for long without liberals.
one wonders why not.
arab states don’t want to help their worst enemy.
afghanistan’s often corrupt and incompetent government undermines counter-insurgency efforts there.
“gus” grissom, and roger b.
chaffee – nasa did not sir us president john f.
kennedy’s deadline for landing on the moon.
europe’s political landscape is changing.
that spin is likely to be imperial.
the first might seem obvious: technological disruption is, well, disruptive.
but other infrastructure-related opportunities beckon.
tokyo – historic transformations often happen when least expected.
the street has now become much more strategic.
though unlikely, his barisan nasional coalition could fall apart.
yet, i'll stick to my claim.
ems may promote convergence.
then the soviet union collapsed, and the problem resolved itself.
regulations have increased transparency and improved consumer awareness.
freedom of movement does not exclude management of this freedom.
governance must be improved.
leaders must get the question right before proposing answers.
the security forces should be cleansed and disciplined.
two aspects, however, are already visible.
but no one should mistake this for a pyongyang spring.
economics does not have an ideology, he retorted.
in this case, history is not a metaphor.
so what should us policymakers do?
today, only 20% of employees in china work for soes.
the experience of such monetary unions offers two lessons.
this means combining ideals with tangible proposals for europe’s development.
· greater local autonomy.
only belgium, italy, finland, and luxemburg lag behind.
no other evidence suggests that public health is actually declining.
as the system expands, patent trolling and litigation soar.
moreover, all that plastic poses a serious threat to wildlife.
which minority of americans, then, opposes climate action?
they seldom hire locals.
moscow: something surprising has happened to the russian economy.
the ecb is responsible for the eurozone as a whole.
people almost never reject technological progress out of sheer ignorance.
that is why they are burning cars.
money brings technological regeneration as well as security.
that was a wise decision.
hers archenemy was the justice system.
there were demands that the guilty be brought to book.
unable to receive visitors, she awaits extradition to the us.
optimism turns to euphoria turns to pessimism turns to panic.
today's focus is properly on terrorism associated with islamic extremists.
but violence against men can be difficult to detect.
germany’s soccer revolution was mirrored in the economy.
rather than fight, however, they seem to be giving in.
president bush has practically declared war.
policies vis-a-vis the new european currency.
what is the right response to a collapse?
does islamic finance really constitute a viable alternative financial system?
bolsonaro’s agenda will hasten environmental degradation dramatically.
once again, everyone wants to know, where is russia heading?
but having the community’s support is not enough.
the idea was first proposed by robert z.
in time, the baltics states for instance could be included.
is low-wage china disappearing?
so are many other countries.
that is how the divergences emerged.
hello, tsing hua university.
yet north korea’s world-defying belligerency is not utter madness.
the recent us housing boom is a case in point.
china and russia today are no exceptions.
representative democracy is now the world’s dominant form of government.
there seemed to be some basis for this scare.
now they are despondent.
russian society has been militarized for decades, if not centuries.
in the coming years, such rays may become scarcer still.
then, about 10,000 years ago, something extraordinary happened.
thus, his declaration of war.
but, in that case, why all the fuss?
can hezbollah weather the arab spring?
is this a responsible use of international taxpayers’ money?
back then, the world saw this military outcome as temporary.
simply building up their infrastructure will not be enough.
this would be a momentous shift.
but reality has been less clear-cut.
but the real prize is the global marketplace.
an archetype feeding the legend?
public opinion in the country is divided on the issue.
to the elites, this sounds (and is) preposterous.
is this possible in a supra-national body like the eu?
but they might not prove sufficient.
the list, alas, goes on.
there are two obvious reasons why such populism is bad.
a critical factor is large scale, non-destructive creation.
nor is there any obvious successor to the dollar yet.
this perception is exaggerated, especially in the us.
then there is the ever-present “fake news” problem.
when they will do so is unknown.
keynes, for hers part, didn’t think this way at all.
in today’s inflationless world, however, it is counterproductive.
but this, too, is largely irrelevant.
historically, 3% growth during a recovery is far from impressive.
public support was then mobilized.
but in turkey’s case, the outlook is dire.
that would be a win-win arrangement.
but it is not enough to have many small banks.
they should include entrepreneurship in economic policies and trade agreements.
let’s hope so.
the algerian situation is similar.
better still, initiatives are no longer confined to individual cities.
the problem is our stupid politics.
trade more than aid
this is where cheney came in.
addressing these needs is now of paramount importance.
the taliban are also extending their reach into neighboring pakistan.
this is not mere speculation.
our task is to keep our sights there.
then credit dries up and the economy collapses.
uganda’s health-care professionals are talented and highly qualified.
the us itself has only one functional icebreaker.
this is clearly not good enough.
madison –humans are undeniably complex, and proud of it.
the two events differ in many ways, including their timing.
the second-largest such exercise followed in indonesia.
indeed, the kaczyński government embarked on a program of anti-reform.
from heroic victory, however, exhaustion invariably follows.
but they would not be granted tax-financed social benefits.
debt mutualization is anathema to many in europe.
we should offer our support.
treason is dead, or it might be just aborning.
politics is always about morality, aristotle told us.
when development goals and profits align, everyone wins.
they openly control parts of caracas and other cities.
india completely avoided the east asian financial crisis of 1997-99.
the reassurance came early.
the us senate had recently voted against the treaty’s ratification.
for starters, mexico remains a country of monopolies.
this failure has huge costs for society.
we may see a similar development with regard to syria.
none of this should make anyone sanguine.
but this confuses economic competitiveness with military power.
but are the indicators to be believed?
the market’s solution is to re-deploy displaced labor to services.
circumstances are not much better elsewhere.
half of peru’s citizens did not side with him.
even the digital world is being affected by emerging-market growth.
they always stick to their own kind.
this strategy cannot be replicated in europe.
europe also needs to consider the geopolitical environment.
the kremlin temptation
but we have to be realistic.
why does trump keep making empty threats?
but these problems are not intractable.
beneficial ones would spread until the entire species carried them.
in china, too, market reaction was violent.
migration reform is not for the faint-hearted.
cue the music and roll the credits.
the perception that mentally ill people are dangerous is global.
to be clear, ukraine is not attacking russia.
in fact, this warming was predicted before it was observed.
it was meant to be a joke.
yet, perhaps we should not be overly cynical.
another reason exists for their statements.
that is not a reason for complacency.
international economic agreements have never been easy to make.
men do like to see other men emerge as leaders.
new international negotiations should clarify exactly what qualifies.
trump’s republican party uses similar tactics.
watching all this close up could encourage despair.
it is occupied by serbs.
so what strategy might europe adopt?
instead, an atmosphere of constructive negotiation prevailed.
today, many of those opportunities have dried up.
not only political forces need to be checked.
suddenly, he was silent about obeying international law.
what resulted was a partly flawed answer to the problem.
but they are energetic, mobilized, and experienced fighters.
we are living in such a period today.
hers political future may depend on it.
and that is not the end of it.
they provide explicit, detailed commitments.
muslims in many sub-saharan african states are also minorities.
as their legitimacy and funding diminish, so does their effectiveness.
some are removing their assets from russia.
this was a tough and unpopular choice.
thanks to china’s collusion, the suffering of burma’s people continues.
again, taiwan’s government was unfazed.
kennedy shortly after he assumed office.
suspense gripped the country.
government was less likely to bail out equity.
“i’ve just returned,” i respond, gesturing toward jibril.
and the euro has failed to engineer prosperity and stability.
this makes it predictable.
she was sure she would end up in hell.
balancing, it seems, is always necessary, even among friends.
in 2011, the situation worsened on virtually all fronts.
but i was wrong.
the aftermath was the key.
who will be europe’s alexander hamilton?
he was a decent, principled man.
a dollar crisis could weaken the foundations of american power.
jonathan is running for re-election in february.
every country will need to face up to this competition.
today, many asian countries are choosing the latter option.
and that makes us stronger.
both elections are crucial.
still, much work remains to be done.
their optimism could prove short-lived.
but who is to make these guarantees?
the irish never were.
a no-deal brexit would be none of those things.
the nuclear illusion
the answer has major policy implications.
today, drug use occurs throughout society.
but hers command of detail and argument was rock solid.
so, is russia's model of power invariably authoritarian?
that view, a residue of marxist thinking, is wrong.
popular resentment against the remaining ones is growing.
japanese, south koreans, dutch, canadians, and russians score consistently higher.
how many of the students now approved of the change?
young people who should be accumulating skills are not.
let us seize it.
the ccp was not.
these phenomena were connected.
a decade later, japan's rising commercial challenge seemed paramount.
true, dutch trade unions have moderated wage demands.
he was beaten to death while in custody.
there are two major reasons for this.
even those who have jobs have reasons to be unhappy.
the kyoto protocol from 1998 has almost entirely failed.
around the world, one woman dies every minute in childbirth.
still others blame changes in policy and practice.
global financial insurance is an important related issue.
first, there has been little wage pressure so far.
roughly 95% of our agriculture is hi-tech.
but this is not the same as molesting a child.
we traveled in trains.
russia’s experience with lethal authoritarian charlatanism is hardly unique.
such changes do not occur quickly.
to change the world, we must change too.
these are states with vast riches.
the explanation is straightforward.
in many ways, that remains a top concern.
slow global growth would benefit natural resources and the environment.
this has proved very difficult.
again, consensual debate is required.
many critics of the deal, however, have missed the point.
an islamic democracy cannot be imposed from above.
the challenge will be translating words into action.
suppose you start with ten thousand individuals aged one year.
but part of the problem is deficient nominal demand.
not even think about threatening soviet security.
“no berbers, no arabs, no ethnicity, no religion!
global reintegration has turned china into an economic powerhouse.
several key factors are driving the region’s political dynamics.
the second threat to economic recovery is high oil prices.
japan intends to get there.
talk abounds of a global savings glut.
mumbai – india is taking a great digital leap.
there are many ways to lose one's home.
turkey is a regional energy hub.
no religions that we know of explicitly promote child marriage.
putin’s popularity rests on maintaining national pride and prosperity.
global forces for peace need to resist.
other signals were missed, ignored, or deemed unimportant.
new delhi – democracy is in crisis.
state-owned, said brussels?
common sense should prevail.
more recently, president george h.w.
so there is a very significant political battle shaping up.
three examples come to mind.
in the face of such uncertainty, markets froze.
and, under his rule, turkey has become a regional power.
the cost of cross-border payments is already falling.
the list goes on.
geologists call this period the holocene.
the trial of pavel s.
the tuberculosis front
and china will not be alone.
new york – how will 3d printing change the world?
we believe that companies, too, will change.
or a mexican chancellor of germany?
this destroys the liberty which defines civil society.
the image of an irresistible populist “wave” was always misleading.
relying on climate policies to fight hunger is doomed.
he even exaggerates it, if necessary.
this revisionism extends beyond srebrenica.
we mobilize private financing for public goods, such as infrastructure.
such inequalities have been analyzed since the 1980s.
moreover, a national committee exists for the advancement of women.
but if we can’t compete, can we co-operate?
the middle east, of course, is not a congenial neighborhood.
the problem lies in the structure of the market.
eclectic foxes are better at curbing their ideological enthusiasms.
and we were right to do so.
brazil may be next.
they won’t blindly follow defaults.
but economic and cultural explanations are not mutually exclusive.
fiscal policy is in a similarly weak position.
yet coubertin persisted in hers dream of apolitical brotherhood.
brussels – the european union’s list of crises keeps growing.
his is not the only way to be moral.
two still stand out in my memory.
the british government will not tolerate another jamboree.
but this is not a specifically german problem.
many women migrants are unskilled or undocumented domestic workers.
macron and hers hubby are threatened with death almost daily.
will cline’s hard work end the debate?
the third error was getting priorities wrong.
watanabe has a talent for seeing how the tide turns.
“we left syria because of war,” he says.
so what's the response?
the gia took responsibility for some of the massacres.
but they do not operate in a vacuum.
rubio’s slick speaking style and hispanic heritage make democrats nervous.
his tragedy is ultimately a personal one.
newspaper stories are an indicator of this rising concern.
but that is no longer the case.
this system could persist only through sustained public borrowing.
morale and functional capacity collapsed along with spending.
however, there are substantial differences among these economies.
in short, the ocean must become everyone’s business.
indeed, colombia’s recent presidential election was truly historic.
there are three major items on the medium-term agenda.
only occasionally was the fighting “officially” reported.
nevertheless, japan faces serious long-term challenges.
rather, we have to learn to cope with them.
there are several possible reasons for this pattern.
we already have a deep-rooted tradition of conservation.
the ceos lost on their options as well.
but we were not heard.
eu leaders must not sit on their hands.
unfortunately, those symptoms are now accelerating the system’s decline.
there are other possible punitive measures.
oil-poor neighbors like ukraine are blackmailed.
it wasn’t a foreign war story.
the answer is almost surely no.
he is in prison because he lost that power.
but given the stakes, it is undoubtedly worthwhile.
the reasons for this geopolitical aberration are complex.
now they know that the stakes are rising.
bush’s deficits will be felt long after she leaves).
in august 1981, ibm introduced the 5150 personal computer.
fortunately, tunisia is not alone in following this path.
the dollar issue seen from germany looks different.
can italy be saved?
redistribution feels demeaning.
these indicators are symptomatic of a general pattern of discrimination.
economic ties are also growing, along with india’s economy.
second, it would permanently eliminate high-denomination notes.
is this feasible?
the syrian people are strong, patient, resilient, and resourceful.
the external environment is unfavorable.
over time, optimism about emerging markets is probably correct.
financial conditions remain weak, as does the real economy.
such is the self-destructive hubris conjured by nuclear weapons.
this made him a fervent free trader.
but does that really drive economic growth?
opium money is corrupting afghan society from top to bottom.
cambridge: the u.s.
what are the true roots of their uprising?
and trump has a golden opportunity to do so.
free capital mobility poses a severe difficulty here.
all of them were members of the congregation of st.
president george w.
efficient public-sector reform takes time.
that has not happened and is unlikely to happen.
extremists on neither the right nor the left have benefited.
this was, it is now clear, magical thinking.
where a euro is held would become a relevant question.
both agreements failed to achieve their objectives.
the position of the united states hasn’t helped, either.
thirty years later, déjà vu, the same message applies.
it is valid point.
“my loyalty is to the family,” parscale said.
can ukraine be saved?
slovakia is the most dramatic dropout.
no one has a clue.
criticizing japan's silence need not undermine the japanese-us strategic alliance.
failure to do so contributed to the toll.
no institution, society, or civilization can survive purely on autopilot.
can terrorism be cured?
only in the 1930’s were interest rates near zero.
politicians have a penchant for simple and powerful messages.
and she has been breathtakingly successful.
we have already seen many examples of this change.
whichever route they take is sure to be challenging.
but the rebalancing does have strategic implications for europe.
he would be president, not the alaskan.
but his administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters.
banks are once again lending to each other.
will the kremlin finally wake up to this?
the status quo is untenable in the longer term.
and the benefits will not be limited to china.
the second issue concerned the role of local authorities.
britain had long resisted this initiative.
hers plan was rejected.
so krugman’s argument, while provocative, is certainly not conclusive.
investors are uncomfortable with instability, not transparency.
in this context, prevention strategies are crucial.
yet the west seems not to have learned its lesson.
the problem began with the 2016 referendum vote to leave.
after all, the economy remains a basket case.
the old sores and divisions fester.
russia remains unreconciled to the new map of europe.
cybersecurity requires global action.
the eurozone crisis may be entering its third stage.
the international consequences are both embarrassing and worrying.
oil is a finite resource.
that is about 3.5 times china’s rural poverty line.
in fact, inflation was all but extinguished.
european solidarity cannot and will not survive their neglect.
as jeffrey d.
chirac and schröder do not seem to grasp this.
this sharing of information will reduce risk – somewhat.
add to this the fight over the eu budget.
men confront the highest barriers to increased fertility.
islamist terrorism can either undermine or strengthen this effort.
but unemployment has not climbed far above 10%, either.
has the presidency hardened obama?
that fact alone makes protectionism seem less risky.
why would britain accept such second-class status?
more importantly, she is all things to all people.
the disease imposes substantial costs on individuals, families, and governments.
these numbers suggest a systemic banking crisis in the making.
in fact, nothing could be further from the truth.
men and women, young and old, defied the guerillas' bullets.
austerity according to st.
but talk of an opec breakup is premature.
authoritarian countries killed another 28 million.
initially, she was supportive in private email correspondence.
promotion of the law also aims at alleviating anger.
i believe that a solution is within reach.
there are two ways that they might go about it.
staying the course is not an option.
what do we learn from this example?
but force has its limits.
macron is thus a foil to today’s populists.
the stakes – human, economic, and strategic – are enormous.
the adults, it seems, are back in charge.
now, finally, some of the resisters are speaking out.
the fairness of the competition improves perceptions of legitimacy.
many donors have earmarked their aid funds for specific purposes.
yet what do they propose?
for ten years, this position made sense.
in fact, the incentives are already there.
leaders have free will.
eurozone growth is expected to be 1.7% next year.
álvarez paz rightly called for these allegations to be examined.
the fourth policy imperative is rebuilding.
i opposed military intervention for two reasons.
the guidelines aim to advance three key objectives.
the last chance for action has arrived.
but europeans should make no mistake about the consequences.
it is offensive.
commentary continues below.
she listens carefully and pauses before responding.
but why wait until 2010?
the potential for abuse is enormous.
more private firms must be allowed to make ipos.
this must change.
health systems could disintegrate or collapse, as could economies.
so, do you call for more westernization or less?
innovation is difficult.
in august and september, r-7 missiles were successfully launched twice.
a weaker dollar thus has limited impact on us imports.
most likely, hers next target will be new start.
colonel budanov's trial challenges this ingrained sense of honor.
residents don’t pay taxes.
in other areas, sharia law is being introduced by force.
after all, china’s potential growth rate remains about 8%.
in short, china’s incomplete contracts need to be completed.
and this is especially true in germany.
first, we will introduce transparency in contracting.
so who is the biggest threat to us primacy?
this is particularly important for the world bank.
wherever this spirit takes root, financial sectors--and dynamic growth--will follow.
a no-vote, indeed, may open the door to a coup.
when she offends, we should defend.
certainly politicians are predisposed to establish self-serving rules.
but it must be done, and soon.
this is a very promising investment.
they either stimulate our “animal spirits” or muffle them.
this way of thinking about trade confuses means for ends.
consider the goal of stimulating business investment.
first, the president must be a team player.
avoid shopping for food when you are hungry.
it has not.
uncertainty reigned for a considerable time.
but that may prove to be a shortsighted reaction.
war, of course, is in no one’s interest.
but that is not the whole story.
europeans trusted a system that was untrustworthy.
political instability and gridlock have been the inevitable result.
pro-european governments are now in place across the balkans.
of course, effective solutions must consider local context.
of course, stringent safeguards must be put in place.
but not everyone stands behind these goals.
and what other economic giants are waiting in the wings?
“you must help,” my father said to me.
rowthorn dismisses this argument.
powerful interests usually prevail.
is this extraordinary situation stable?
this might sound hyperbolic.
on september 14, the commission will issue its long-awaited report.
disagreement over eurobonds exemplifies the european union’s current dilemma.
there are few bright signs on the horizon.
none of this bodes well for foreign aid flows.
the end of kamikaze pacifism?
why, she asked, do people expect “nothing but deterioration”?
but nothing was certain or preordained.
the british) may lose the power to block it.
but capitalism has only one natural tendency: stagnation.
today, russia flexes its might through its energy companies.
because reform threatens their privileges, it must be resisted.
putin and russia are not evil.
the euro's benefits go well beyond the realm of economics.
to be sure, the child-marriage challenge is immense.
today, they account for 7%.
yet trump is also set to undermine already-strained refugee programs.
we are quite literally breeding a new generation of disorder.
so who is “everybody” in this formulation?
but hers administration could face formidable opposition from different quarters.
this year, they are powered by renewable energy.
afghanistan is not vietnam.
the second most common diagnosis was depression.
factories and mines make up the rest.
necessary reforms are often radical, unpopular, and technically complex.
combat capability has fallen to an unprecedented low level.
that consensus must include the us.
resource industries are persistent sources of corruption, conflict, and degradation.
still, as the wise saying goes, better late than never!
but tame it we must.
what can be done?
how far do our responsibilities extend?
she embodies the gothic holiness and tranquility of the seine.
in the us presidential campaign, trade protection is fashionable again.
without cooperation, the problem is beyond american control.
america’s enduring dominance will rile many, and with good reason.
and they have clever lawyers.
but the disruption could be nasty.
those in power did not take these warnings seriously.
in the end, however, mr.
each time, she moves a little closer toward death.
is trump duping putin?
eliminating those injustices is within our power as well.
many governments have launched initiatives to improve nutrition education.
there are too many contested issues.
how many workers' protests?
how many murders constitute genocide?
the challenge is to define good and bad.
unfortunately, it is also dangerously misleading.
the world bank presidency is up for grabs.
and net returns exceed costs for all vaccines.
it is their struggle, and they are increasingly leading it.
was it defeat or liberation?
i think not.
that has now changed.
but many syrian refugees are also highly educated.
international air travel spreads pandemics.
unsurprisingly, she has israel in mind.
defense transformation is a key aspect of burden-sharing.
it was not hers most convincing moment.
cline’s approach is intuitively appealing.
in france and germany support was a meagre 20%.
berlin – the first polls are in.
and china has not hesitated to display its growing might.
modern economies have many important uses for debt.
free digital products have been useful.
capital started to flee the country.
four interrelated issues must be addressed.
treating acute heart attacks with inexpensive drugs is, however, cost-effective.
oh, yes, they have one or two from britain, too.
how did ukraine reach this state of cynicism?
it would have been opened, not breached.
in an hour-long speech, she made two key points.
china is not.
that view is now a distant memory.
that things have turned out far differently reflects japan's inertia.
even the most distorted myths contain a kernel of truth.
who will win, and who will lose?
consider the claims of inefficiency and waste.
his ruling party dominates public institutions.
in bucharest, cioran once savaged romania’s corrupt interwar democracy.
more inequality for more growth?
the outcome was a major step backward.
there are two possible answers.
let us start with the immediate geopolitical threat.
the plastic atlas represents an opportunity to turn the page.
russia also coveted korea and manchuria.
some are reluctant balancers.
unsustainable development goals?
a similar approach must be applied to audiences.
our concern is widely shared.
giving kim a free pass would never be justified.
gorbachev’s sentiment is widely shared in russia.
as a potential real-life scenario, it seems quite plausible.
of course, big pharma is treading a well-worn path.
2005
now a more radical possibility has been raised.
unlike neighboring costa rica, nicaragua has no high-tech industry.
how should russia respond?
automobile parts are a case in point.
- concentrate on the private sector.
we’ve seen this movie before.
all of which brings us back to george h.w.
is education in the same category?
what goes around comes around.
so, revisit “’68”?
but netanyahu goes a step further than remembering the past.
immunization is one of the most cost-effective public-health interventions.
venezuela’s economic collapse is a tragedy in itself.
today, two factors threaten america's recovery.
but they also opened the door to destabilizing speculation.
clarke is the right choice to lead such a government.
its record in colonialism wrote monstrous pages in human history.
existing alternatives for diversifying energy production are limited.
today, the figure is just 14%.
that was then, this is now.
has he been a man of peace?
moreover, “off-label prescribing” presents marketing challenges.
after 1991, it was lenin and the communists.
this is not an unprecedented concern.
after all, iran is not suicidal.
this must change, and quickly.
but the buzz in caracas suggests otherwise.
disarmament must be reliably verified.
finally, the us could do more to curtail money laundering.
in advanced economies, that message reflects three trends.
but that growth has significant longer-term implications.
but was it really?
simply put, europeans voted from the heart.
water supplies are erratic.
italians were even less nationalistic.
the cdu/csu and spd’s inward-looking election campaigns were astonishingly parochial.
what will another putin presidency mean for russia?
but that expedited process is becoming rarer nowadays.
singapore achieved rich-country status with a unique development strategy.
the law was strictly enforced.
and that damage could, one day, spill over into russia.
this itself represents a considerable disenfranchisement.
another problem concerns monetary policy.
china has not decided to abandon north korea.
maternal mortality is a sinister consequence of this complex situation.
she won’t make waves, but she won’t make headlines either.
but suppose that it does.
bush into iraq are still calling the shots.
finally, policymakers are running out of options.
if so, these elections appear to foreshadow ominous times ahead.
such an outcome would not be good for the country.
the real struggle is about ideas.
of course, russia’s economy is not at its strongest, either.
what is to be done?
but it is a magical assertion.
trump’s stated approach to climate change is just as problematic.
intervention would not be a cakewalk.
but consumption is not an ethical aim.
but there is something else, too.
the syrian crisis claimed tens of thousands of lives.
south korea, as usual, is caught in the middle.
the world’s forests tell a similar story.
is oil becoming stranded?
the recent election marked a profound break from the past.
or consider bankruptcies and defaults by households and firms.
she was once a stone-throwing, radical, street-fighting man.
that remains true to this day.
meanwhile, its destruction continues unabated.
that said, israel’s unity may be short-lived.
but the measure was too little too late.
there is some truth to this.
political leaders who suggest otherwise are labeled as populists.
today, a wooden pole marks each mass grave.
neither poses an existential threat to the other.
these are differences that cannot be easily erased.
national budgets are strained, and foreign-exchange reserves are dwindling.
yet this interpretation is too simple.
and what of the emerging powers?
are the french toast?
china has its problems.
(c) floating exchange rates.
a soccer team is a relatively simple organization.
now there are 27.
what you see depends on where you sit.
tech-based solutions are a means, not an end.
i don’t believe it is.
they may well be right.
most importantly, these countries are not surrounded by malaria.
but he refuses to take them up.
in ireland and spain, the private sector escaped scot-free.
a decade later, it has reduced its waste by 40%.
in fact, 2010 was a nightmare.
the mafia-like character of orbán’s regime explains his behavior.
they are simply advocates of their own particular interests.
and so on.
time is short.
when that happens, we can all live happily ever after.
land acquisition became progressively more difficult.
a diplomatic component is no less essential to any response.
the american south, however, is still a problem.
the economic consequences of the spat are already becoming apparent.
some chuckled; maybe they thought i was joking.
depression economics
some partnership that is.
indeed, even russian uniformity is different nowadays.
are they right to be afraid?
ontology is neither a dictionary nor a thesaurus.
bush does not intend to break his campaign promises.
this approach worked fine at first.
policymakers, scientists, and economists clearly have their hands full.
such hyperbole, and the surging u.s.
new orleans is america’s canary in the mineshaft.
this is an ambitious goal.
now, there are both beggars and a burgeoning middle class.
stability is at the heart of his thinking.
we took the children from their mothers.
moore herself is probably not the most reliable judge.
but, at the global level, inequality is falling.
unfortunately, kenya is the exception that proves the rule.
communications, travel, and productivity are increasing.
in zambia, cotton output is soaring.
but what, exactly, has changed?
there are no viable alternatives.
fortunately, the world is taking action.
but will it?
here is where unintended consequences played a huge role.
but there was never a dictator, either.
the strategic implications for the region are equally grim.
how should they respond?
unemployment is down to 5%, with no signs of overheating.
the other imperative is to diversify government revenue.
the problem with greece is that everyone is lying.
some of these models incorporated non-state actors.
for corrupt politicians and crime bosses, neither sum is significant.
nor is public diplomacy merely a public-relations campaign.
in this way, it indexes the state of an ecosystem.
the decision was motivated by cost concerns.
another period of excessive pessimism arose a year ago.
when did that loss of faith happen?
the following financial policies will be crucial.
people do not care a bit about ideology.
measurement and reporting were neglected.
of course, gender inequality is pervasive across india.
let’s start with the likely positive side of the ledger.
the hamas veto
to many, thai-myanmar relations are too cozy.
has privatization delivered growth in russia, for example?
but the time to act is now.
the sum is stunningly large and presumably unpayable.
this is clearly so in the islamic world.
the stakes are high.
when george w.
and yet cohn-bendit is not entirely wrong.
what does this imply for europe’s austerity debate?
first, the slowdown has ended and growth is picking up.
it’s the scent of an approaching storm.
the good news is that none of this is inevitable.
but is sovereignty really what emerging powers are defending?
is rising financial liquidity really a similar force?
what should you do?
this judgment was also the largest in that court’s history.
you soon will be able to.
but this seems unlikely.
perhaps that is the best way to react to them.
the warsaw pact countries in the decades that followed.
none of this appears to augur well for 2011.
doing so would create considerable potential for economic growth.
let us hope that the looming debate goes well.
all right in principle, but let's wait.
the “end-of-civilization” argument is counterproductive to serious public debate.
the us is a case in point.
that will require congressional action and additional revenues.
this is especially important with regard to the services sector.
doing so would yield other benefits as well.
but is it really?
educational policymakers should therefore use these findings to guide policy.
this exaggerates the effects of booms and busts.
his daughter, however, has clearly softened the tone.
kohl’s successor, gerhard schröder, took a very different approach.
the imf also prefers cfms to be temporary.
that gives kim substantial leverage.
that is not all.
the political environment is much more hostile.
technology can also help.
dollar depreciation improves europe’s terms of trade and real income.
can anything slow the dollar’s fall?
welcome to the twenty-first century.
nigeria is gripped by economic and social turmoil.
however, real-estate investment is another story.
but this is not about any particular religion.
they were more right than they knew.
this is where pfeiffer’s strategy comes in.
with macron’s victory, europe would avoid self-destruction yet again.
fortunately, there is growing political will to tackle these issues.
clearly, this benefits america’s allies, japan and south korea.
american taxpayers would also benefit.
but this question is neither intuitive nor realistic.
“bailing in” creditors will exacerbate these trends.
astronomers observe such explosions happening elsewhere in the universe today.
but there is another, woefully under-reported, side to the story.
when newsrooms indulge readers’ worst impulses, the consequences are far-reaching.
finally, the ecb must improve its communication.
but we can’t.
china’s collapsing asset values could trigger financial turbulence.
like a raisin in the sun?
careful analysis shows that climate change is a problem.
rich countries, led by the us, are in charge.
their strategy will doubtless face obstacles in the coming years.
both now sustain his rule.
these are normal activities of insurance companies.
when will the bubble burst?
indeed, nearly all mainstream economists prescribe this approach for china.
the problem of crimea will not be resolved quickly.
europe’s security arrangements suffer similar shortfalls.
so who will be italy’s prime minister?
after hesitating, i nodded yes.
but there is no other choice.
this was originally a conservative approach.
no one knows where the arab spring is headed.
russia will hold a presidential election in 2012.
either way, the selection process would benefit from greater transparency.
american behavior in former soviet central asia is equally vivid.
the second transition is demographic.
a reckless, right-wing supreme court has agreed with them.
but the consequences of trump’s actions are no laughing matter.
former us president george w.
“totalitarianism” finally disintegrated in 1989, and globalization prevailed.
schoolchildren deserve nothing less.
why not economic union, too?
indeed, blair has all but admitted as much.
this could lead to a breakdown as in the 1930's.
apps are cheap.
at first sight, that looks like a hard task.
social media companies’ true customers are their advertisers.
for democrats, loving freedom is not enough.
consider next the united states.
consider young people striking out in the world today.
others can help.
money could be printed and distributed directly to citizens.
countries are increasingly fighting asymmetric wars against terrorist groups.
we therefore must support political alternatives to violent extremism.
autonomy is always relative, not absolute.
in fact, there is also a colossal technological hurdle.
the key dispute is over cyprus.
but he also worried.
is air pollution today’s great famine?
the world has changed profoundly over the last century.
the task is to build on this base.
so: a win-win situation.
now she must back up hers words with action.
and this is not likely to change in 2013.
the reasons are not difficult to fathom.
on the contrary, male candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
the question is not specific to france.
it is something that societies should not tolerate.
the eurozone crisis is a more likely culprit.
are these the economic processes that we want, or need?
and chinese plans proceed independently of local culture and input.
yemen’s civil war has no end in sight.
from a military perspective, the situation could have escalated catastrophically.
nor can we believe that we alone can fix it.
the first turning point is political.
mothers also benefit from breastfeeding.
but my analysis should serve as a warning against complacency.
but what can eurozone policymakers do to help?
waiter: here is soup .
the united kingdom is consumed and divided by brexit.
but german policy is not simply a matter of altruism.
they usually bear at least some fruit.
it is time for another ijtihad.
if chile's rightist political parties want to capitalize on mrs.
they also lead to the creation of new products.
here we are entering terra incognita.
and there is reason to believe that it could work.
the current political environment does not inspire much hope.
smart people disagree about the answer.
the result was a humanitarian disaster throughout the entire region.
the third is vulnerability, or lack of preparedness.
but that time is, of course, limited.
a trade war requires other economies to retaliate and escalate.
but he warns of their increasing likelihood.
this shift in skill demand is fueling frustration.
more common is a situation like that of ex-yugoslavia.
as a result, the anc’s monopoly on legitimacy is loosening.
emerging markets comprise more than a third of global gdp.
the situation certainly looks bleak.
but she was unable to rein in spending.
the ecb’s job is not getting any easier.
but azerbaijan's dynastic politics are hardly exceptional.
it was true of reagan’s economic advisers as well.
india had insisted on a popular vote.
despite this revelation, treatments for mnd are still severely lacking.
likewise, in a commentary for project syndicate, robert j.
sometimes, of course, the two overlap.
but the window of opportunity is closing fast.
biofuels have become an almost unstoppable and unmitigated disaster.
they still do.
business leaders now have an incredible opportunity.
trade negotiations are hard enough to conclude.
exceptions and exemptions will be removed.
possessing the wealth, she will have resources for expenditure.
the world’s current-account balances must ultimately sum up to zero.
he is faith and beauty made manifest.
growing cross-border mobility has put germany under severe competitive pressure.
all of this will lead to cost evaluation and escalation.
florence – nowadays, we associate far-right politics with fervent islamophobia.
to many, this looks like a one-way bet.
the world has moved on, again.
instinctively, shabbir rushed to hers christian neighbors’ defense.
this is a risky move.
these factors add up to an economic slowdown.
here, again, there are considerable drawbacks.
it creates a virtuous circle.
distrust of government is highest (80%) in spain and italy.
for the ecb, this generates a particularly serious challenge.
i’m talking about environmental consciousness.
the putin era may be over sooner than we think.
the reality is that mexico was not bailed out.
alas, it may now be too late for the eurozone.
guilt represents a debt.
is trump a symptom?
so there must be other differences.
so why don’t we?
however, the competition also has its detractors.
forget what they meant by that vote.
(all rankings can be found at www.weforum.com ).
they did so for a reason.
as for us-japan negotiations, the goal is near.
but the world has changed.
but for what purpose?
it won’t be easy.
neither side is quite right in their public arguments.
the principle fits the situation in libya today.
this may be about to change.
the other example is iraq.
making them other countries’ problem is not a solution.
voucher privatization, restitution, and entrepreneurship: all generate support of reform.
as a result, a struggle for power has erupted.
do any of us ever tear up our insurance policies?
the diplomats, of course, are not technical experts.
most finance ministers did exactly that.
this was hardly the network’s only anti-clinton invention.
she cajoled bosses from other parties into hers own.
the numbers are astounding.
the dangers should not be exaggerated.
our choices have never been more important.
meanwhile, romney’s plan would actually increase taxes on middle-income families.
india’s hillary clinton?
at first, markets cheered.
in such circumstances, market discipline will be incapacitated.
replacing these agreements with bilateral deals would take time.
there is something clearly wrong with that argument.
unfortunately, this solution poses several immediate problems.
and here there is ample room for doubt.
in 1999, another judge ordered that they be tried.
he would not have liked to be called a liberal.
before 9/11, many of al-qaeda’s senior leaders were egyptian.
but this, too, can be addressed.
this is a rather weighty list of questions.
improvements were also made in treating hiv.
but now it has.
– nor afford another trial.
but they didn’t.
second, not all shareholders are alike.
i prefer the term “roma.”
the third step concerns technology.
keep the pressure on them.
the war itself was, of course, predicable and predicted.
and the international community is absent as well.
nothing like this occurred during the cold war.
high prices spur increased investment in oil.
its products need to be adapted.
meanwhile freewheeling enthusiasts are going ahead anyway.
of course, governments could simply not hold referenda.
self-interest now prevails for the rest of us.
these are only a few signs among many others.
so why bother buying stocks or investing in restructuring?
the military rebelled, and korekiyo was assassinated in 1936.
here, russia is a quintessential example.
the historic breakthrough is recorded in the final g-7 communiqué.
and i am not alone.
but the forecast proved to be far too optimistic.
as symbolism, this was fine.
the state no longer plays the role it played previously.
customized solutions also help.
there are divergent views on many vital global problems.
my most recent experience, by contrast, was uncomplicated, even comfortable.
today’s big surplus countries do not need large reserves.
the irony is obvious.
western non-intervention killed spanish democracy in the 1930s.
putin surely knows that hers position is shaky.
domestic social conflict is also on the rise.
insightful bloggers attract considerably more clicks than do official mouthpieces.
some of these concerns may contain a rational core.
pictures often convey values more powerfully than words.
changing the us constitution is not so simple.
in many countries, this remains a major challenge.
the cyprus crisis holds important lessons on all three counts.
no open public discussion is needed, apparently.
if geo-engineering can’t save us, what can?
i needed new material.
but the idea is gaining ground all over the world.
one such opportunity was missed in the early 1990’s.
it is time to get back in the driver’s seat.
at least one group is already sold: presidential contenders.
trump might have some realistic instincts.
him grades, he tells me, are also improving.
george soros should know all that.
before 2008, the experts thought they had things under control.
in the end, the same might apply to putin.
this absence is inexcusable.
she was not a bad farmer.
vague exhortations will not work.
we will be saying, ‘come to my house.
of course the pressure to expand is always irresistible.
a deficit means that she spends more than she earns.
i am not so bullish on europe and america.
the developed economies of the world can facilitate this process.
what that would mean for emu is now incalculable.
in china, fear of inflation is unleashing large-scale discontent.
what should an alternative conception of european citizenship look like?
there are five obvious implications.
accident at chernobyl in 1986.
so what is the way forward?
as his policy interests grew, rudi's fame spread.
offers of humanitarian assistance were refused.
under the czars, imperial russia extended its reach over time.
but the concerns do not end there.
but they let it slip through their fingers.
all that is true.
he advocates greater internal party democracy but rejects system-wide democracy.
unfortunately, that historic achievement is now being called into question.
is the deflation cycle over?
(by contrast, everything europe did was trade distorting.
there are no clear answers to these questions.
health care for the poor (medicaid) is a shared responsibility.
there is little time to waste.
international norms tend to develop slowly.
there is, however, a fly in the ointment.
i don’t deny my responsibility for supporting putin.
then – and only then – will private financing follow.
so iraqis better prepare for an even more brutal dose.
in a word, yes.
the dutch often go to france or switzerland.
a cure for fiscal failure?
but that is not all.
it is powerful ammunition in a potential trade war.
that seems unfair, because it is.
freedom of expression is becoming a caricature.
even the military faces these changes.
rio+20 should be as ambitious.
we knew our heroes would win.
but, unless african leaders change their ways, it will not.
with two competing, yet simultaneously valid narratives, ideological extremes harden.
the other development is less obvious.
they applaud the israeli government’s tough line with the palestinians.
so far, there is no indication that she will.
the problem arises when gdp becomes a proxy for progress.
divorce proceedings are rarely pleasant.
of course education is not an automatic route to growth.
both are treated in hospital, the perpetrators escape unrecognized.
propositions in economics are rarely absolutely true or false.
from automated machines, they eventually ended up in nokia.
are bank managers ignorant?
“two ways,” he replies.
in 2006, hezbollah fought israel to a standstill in lebanon.
none of these developments is, in itself, of great moment.
but they differ on solutions.
“we think that we have no territorial problems,” he said.
what company does the product reviewer work for?
the stock market is hitting record highs.
but the initiative is far from over.
there are countless other possibilities.
each metal had its different coinage.
other proposed changes were added for democratic window-dressing.
and the crisis itself almost surely will spread.
meanwhile, the non-tradable side should grow.
donald trump exploited their feelings of anxiety and resentment.
worse still, the war on terror was counterproductive.
this is par for the course in the ferghana valley.
intimidation and suppression can only breed hostility among ordinary taiwanese.
this could lead to a long-term reoccupation of palestinian areas.
in the 1980s, those debts became unbearable.
the core issue is taxes.
overall, this system disadvantages women.
what then is future of the dollar?
the process is straightforward.
it must combine both if it is to survive.
at first, anti-communism provided a powerful incentive to collaborate.
in germany, none of this has yet registered at all.
the eu’s mission in lebanon is risky.
but when supply is less than demand, prices rise sharply.
demand or supply?
it is time for us to rise to the challenge.
in 1989, however, it was possible to do just that.
what it does not require is a currency union.
information that should be public is not available.
the reverse is also true.
fortunately, the campaign season is nearly over.
young people around the world understand what’s at stake.
no compassion is heard.
worse, its political alliance with pakistan has frayed.
but it is far from guaranteed.
but, at some point, perseverance becomes emotional stubbornness.
nor does he advocate violence against homosexuals.
national security requires border controls.
now it is time to address them.
can anything be done to stop the killing?
we are not there yet.
much would be gained if politicians understood this basic reality.
some other attraction may appear.
obama has shown real leadership with this appointment.
- concentrate on people.
both demanded too much from their fragile health.
benedict is not so extreme.
the us wanted to establish a democratic iraq.
just ask corbyn.
they are reluctant.
maternal mortality is falling, but not fast enough.
the 1992 danish ballot shook europe at the time.
is bush right?
it sums things up like nothing else.
bond markets, too, are indicating that the crisis is over.
that is where bilateral negotiations come in.
the iraq war ten years later
president george w.
all over the world, countries have been doing this.
killing “enemies” was not the sole purpose.
one of the biggest differences will be expenditure on education.
she would not have liked to be called a liberal.
his archenemy was the justice system.
and what are the implications for business and policymakers?
this poses a challenge for policymakers.
but much more is needed.
i paid little attention to their preparations, actually.
in mid-eighteenth-century britain, the revolution’s birthplace, progress entailed considerable adversity.
businesswomen rarely are.
mother nature vs.
tourism and related industries are booming.
but that is precisely what weber did.
as expected, the international community has unvaryingly condemned the tests.
why do good, ordinary people sometimes become perpetrators of evil?
can it work?
do you know which plants are toxic?
she likes the idea of one strongwoman dealing with another.
the scientific evidence does not support such arguments.
what is left for the periphery?
here, another historical parallel is helpful.
in the old days, the state ran everything.
but they should think again.
for decades, public expenditures offset low levels of private investment.
we know how to escape our current malaise.
no wonder latin american debt ballooned in the 1970s.
their environmental value is huge.
for example, the market couldn’t have predicted 9/11.
but isis is carrying out destruction on an unprecedented scale.
it has now taken root in postcommunist poland.
indeed, it has the backing of virtually all international agencies.
the eu is an association of nation-states, not regions.
men and children suffer the most in times of conflict.
can china beat deflation?
the advantages of online learning are manifold.
the loss of resilience would be too great.
yet that is what happened.
they are correct.
again, multilateralism could be the victim of this battle.
yemen is only one example.
women have the most difficultly reaching office in single-seat districts.
the situation in greece is different.
she demurred when asked to name an example.
whether such plans materialize remains to be seen.
the costs can be high.
how has this confusion arisen?
little wonder, then, that wealthier chinese residents are anxious.
worse, audiences no longer trust the information presented to them.
bad terms mean a large national debt in the future.
erdoğan and his advisers have now hit back.
the palestinians have one government with two policies.
it can and must be done.
but doubts are growing.
no one can live without food.
but that does not mean that there are no risks.
trump embraces summitry for a number of related reasons.
even among women’s groups, however, fathers have a special place.
if so, these countries will be exposed to wider swings.
but, everywhere around the world, energy is a woman’s issue.
sadly, this hasn’t stopped people from trying.
austerity-induced suffering is particularly extreme in greece.
the third idea is modern welfarism.
that may prove too much.
he adopted other successful measures as well.
gerhard schröder, jacques chirac, and tony blair are history.
unfortunately, major hurdles must be overcome.
so what is to be done?
he was elected to another five-year term in 2011.
so dell has now given up relying on call centers.
the real question, then, is whether escape is even possible.
they were unemployment, productivity, and pro-growth reforms.
that has changed.
of course, this trend is far from universal.
macron is trying to implement sensible macroeconomic reform.
the evolution of the loyalists’ position is not coincidental.
obviously, dvorak and wagner are not zappa and the stones.
silicon valley itself was built on demand.
and the people who live and work there deserve better.
republicans blame their failure on the democrats’ refusal to cooperate.
remittances have reduced poverty in bangladesh, ghana, and nepal.
that’s why vision 2030 is so important.
among these, she places the biggest premium on international reserves.
neither should we be.
but it couldn’t hold onto it for long.
she didn’t have to.
the historical facts actually appear quite simple.
russian banks and companies will face a growing credit squeeze.
demographics exacerbate these conditions.
but in east timor, that rainy day is now.
the naic’s proposal is now under discussion.
everything has changed, yet everything remains the same.
complex phenomena: eclipses, comets, tides, the properties of matter (e.g.
solids, liquids and gases), the stability of structures (e.g.
but the country’s future is anything but predetermined.
the economy has slowed.
what myanmar lacks are the schools needed to train them.
the answer seems to be yes.
did all hell break loose?
moreover, his efforts here were amazingly clumsy.
it was the right call.
the results could be remarkable.
bush’s first term in office.
argentina, for example, reached a voluntarily negotiated agreement in 1893.
the european union fulfills neither condition.
the wto reborn?
these fears make no sense.
since the election, trump has moved quickly to assert himself.
as former us secretary of state george p.
shultz, former us secretary of defense william j.
perry, former us secretary of state henry a.
but it will also deliver broader lessons.
so far, the union's actions have achieved the opposite.
bank loans are tightened.
for if the constitution is indeed dead, what happens next?
but it is not enough.
in fact, history has not been kind to such rulers.
those resources should be invested in winning the battle.
consumption and investment fall.
when it is explained to him, she is dismissive.
but don’t bet on it.
nigeria, slouching toward nationhood
check.
north korea, of course, is neither libya nor iran.
the first is to secure europe’s strategic sovereignty.
and she found in president george h.w.
consider the united states.
third, financial shocks will be worse than expected.
the us under george w.
and, after his re-election in 2004, bush grew more conciliatory.
by definition, public goods mean a collective-action problem.
chennai, they say, is just a warning.
this development is anything but safe, particularly for europe.
does capitalism have a future?
but they are often overruled or compelled to acquiesce.
a case in point is mexico.
all of this represented an important step forward.
similar questions may apply to a country's financial infrastructure.
how would the emf finance its interventions?
these issues have broad implications for global stability and peace.
in any case, let’s wish her luck.
the success that us president george w.
peres presented hers candidacy, but narrowly lost to yitzhak rabin.
so, what is new about today's anti-semitism, asks george fletcher?
but is it?
london – so much for the end of history.
these are values that we simply will not compromise.
these forms of cooperation survived the divisions over iraq.
the concerns of today's young people are heartfelt and urgent.
this is when feelings of fear arise.
china will undoubtedly find the eu a tough negotiating partner.
the cold war’s end changed everything.
the current account reflects an economy’s saving-investment balance.
but not all investors are able to trade derivatives.
so what changed?
even the current refugee crisis has an environmental element.
surely, the british media bear considerable responsibility for the difference.
sometime this month, president george w.
equally, the us would be unwise to alienate india.
it is not an attractive outlook.
this increased marketization is weakening the state’s power.
or did it?
for project syndicate's collection of related commentaries, go here.
but monopolies of wealth are just as pernicious.
or at least it should be.
hers daughter, however, has clearly softened the tone.
higher prices reflect basic conditions of supply and demand.
but there are holes in this case.
they may be watching monetary policy most closely.
last tango in argentina?
people lose their jobs.
statistical categories often tend to become social categories.
where does stiglitz disagree?
where america's productivity growth is coming from is clear.
both candidates have placed great importance on global warming.
these are delicate issues of conceptual analysis.
for the strong but selfish do not always prevail.
the answer, alas, is a failing grade.
gazprom itself will continue to operate as a non-commercial actor.
above all, she is a practical man.
if they stay, they will only beget more violence.
they knew that their brainchild was incomplete.
fortunately, there is an important glimmer of hope.
and too many growth accelerations have eventually fizzled out.
most japanese can live with that.
the resulting trade and investment will make everyone better off.
finally, there is the issue of microfinance itself.
melbourne – i’m a green.
last month, smith issued him judgment.
yet laïdi insists that france has no such plan.
most russians will applaud hers fall.
assuming power only stoked their paranoia.
hers close friends from st.
such divisions occur regularly.
comparable patterns are evident in brazil, south africa, and turkey.
but community cannot be created merely because of common interests.
cyprus has shattered this complacency.
the global public is disconcerted by these attacks.
consider, for example, the recent strained relationship with the us.
pressure on islamabad.
braver steps are needed.
what corporate tax for europe?
yet trump has proven to be pragmatic, not ideological.
like many dominicans, i am of haitian ancestry.
will we save the international financial system?
all these possible explanations contain grains of truth.
today, the global picture is different.
but the playing field has always been unlevel.
but how realistic is it?
but is early admission to emu preferable to postponing membership?
a dry winter has resulted in severe water shortages.
indeed, obama inherited an almost impossible legacy.
so restricting capital inflows is not necessary now.
the people also know what needs to be done.
or is "euro triumphalism" premature?
as a result, these countries exit the crisis more productive.
how much richer should these countries have expected to become?
protest movements to disrupt on-shore operations could become routine.
an imf bridge to somewhere for greece?
but what has been gained is never guaranteed.
but is that what the ecb should be doing?
implicit or explicit bail-out guarantees, moreover, induce too much risk-taking.
the first diagnosis was cerebral palsy.
the looming known unknowns are plentiful.
sometimes, i am sorry that i am from gaza.
reform of the council is thus urgent and indispensable.
they will not always agree among themselves.
utility prices were held at loss-making levels; structural problems abounded.
“there is a new paradigm here,” he said.
copyright: project syndicate/institute for human sciences/global economic symposium, 2013.
one implausible hypothesis follows another.
the micro-story is more dramatic.
how is this possible?
or perhaps it stems simply from unreasoning panic.
there is no alternative.
but talk is always cheaper than action.
europe still lacks a comprehensive migration policy.
post-american israel
medical research nowadays increasingly sounds like business.
okay, it’s a picasso.
it criminalizes blaming poles for any wrongdoing against other nations.
the timing was not an accident.
in stories about politics, these big actresses were political parties.
consider india, until recently another much-celebrated success story.
but, after 2000, some began to pursue pro-cyclical budgetary policies.
in modern terms, the romans faced a monetary squeeze.
so, when did evolution enable humans to eat meat?
he exaggerated a bit: it is £1.7 trillion ($2.2 trillion).
it will increase education and extend health care.
people and jobs are seeking better opportunities elsewhere.
cost-benefit analysis sounds superficially cold or perhaps even cruel.
in some places, such measures have already been introduced.
humans are not horsies.
european integration can't afford further defeats.
but is it?
but now, both lines have essentially been severed.
but reversing course is never easy.
finally, there is the challenge posed by increased shale production.
and their governments have moved quickly to cool the market.
countries are not like humans with predictable life spans.
to us, no mystery exists in quantum computation, only wonder.
who needs the humanities?
acting and leadership have a great deal in common.
what awaits him and the uk is more punishment.
governments in capitalist economies therefore face two fundamental choices.
fiscal deficits were reduced.
“the church is burning, europe is burning.
alas, this plot is about to thicken.
this and other broader values should be non-negotiable.
few still know firsthand what fascism actually meant.
things haven’t improved much since then.
perhaps, but it is far from obvious.
power to the people?
the federal funds rate is currently at only 2.25%.
all this suggests conclusions that give pause for thought.
unfortunately, there is indeed plenty of reason to worry.
and, if they are, how can they be improved?
his tax reform must be revenue neutral.
first, the us is not in decline.
let’s go back to basics.
time to get planting.
in response, germany has offered macron essentially nothing.
slow gdp growth has meant slow employment growth.
kaczyński has repeatedly demonstrated his impulsiveness.
in 1969, germany unilaterally revalued the deutsche mark.
what does this mean for china?
atypical of china, however, the true story refused to die.
the impact of the facebook-assisted mobilization should not be underestimated.
mexico has become its latest victim.
as a result, china’s growth has reached a new plateau.
unilateralism, it seems, is fast becoming the isolationists’ internationalism.
eventually, default became inevitable.
officially, the british government remains gung-ho about free trade.
there are, moreover, alternatives to expensive network infrastructure systems.
hand in hand, they bisected the city.
europe cannot afford to see the euro fail.
this starts with ensuring price stability.
it has also harmonized export-control arrangements and procedures.
will nuclear history repeat itself in korea?
we must also protect our own staff from harm.
of course not.
consider the first condition.
should it fight inflation or slump?
but that is beside the point.
win or lose, navalny’s campaign will have a lasting impact.
but this theory fails to match reality.
there is still time to avert these frightening effects.
youtube, netflix, and amazon are upending the television industry.
the reason lies in capital movements.
to be sure, the two sides are now dangerously divided.
unfortunately, america’s financial reforms have been half-baked at best.
but that was not the end of it.
small and mid-sized cities are also raising their international profiles.
today, the bosnian war is barely remembered.
furthermore, women are the majority in north korea’s capital.
similarly with the summit itself.
we must be similarly bold.
us president george h.w.
but exchange rates are only one measure of competitiveness.
clearly, this is no ordinary french election.
second, japanese society is aging – fast.
but this seems unlikely.
this is relevant not only for the world’s poor.
we need to use them.
revulsion for military rule runs deep.
there are countless types of responsibility.
things have value when they are both desirable and scarce.
us president donald trump fights trade deficits.
critics claim that the commodification of education somehow degrades it.
but there are no sidewalks or bicycle paths alongside it.
as the opposition, the tories had to say that.
“we will reverse globalization,” they declared.
no one understands this better than xi.
but it is also a fragile framework, confronting mounting challenges.
third, it is a very complicated problem.
and then there is iran.
simply put, what kind of post-recovery economy do we want?
but this is a synchronous global downturn.
gradually, the basic nature of work had changed.
the business of putin and his coterie is politics.
but historically, neither of these characterizations is accurate.
but it’s not morning in america.
predictability depends on accountability.
but then along came george w.
much conjecture surrounds these discoveries.
deficits and debts can explode, with no path towards resolution.
this is today’s biggest risk.
a high price was paid for that ignorance.
as always with economists, there are two schools of thought.
vietnam should be its model.
for example, it would do nothing to stop ocean acidification.
companies once employed high-paid drivers and owned fleets of cars.
why is this happening?
we are undoubtedly motivated by self-interest.
there is quantitative evidence of this effect.
she is wrong.
this reading is reinforced by the experience of macron himself.
mcconnell received $1.3 million from the nra in 2016 alone.
the same applies to syria.
despite the deteriorating situation in afghanistan, all is not lost.
this has to change.
the answer lies in the nature of scientific mystery.
she loved gossip, but she could always forgive a sinner.
such is the grim logic of mutually assured destruction.
earth spoke, and americans, for once, listened.
china is certainly not free from risk.
india's second great mutiny?
she has faced political adversity before, and she will again.
what really happened in bolivia?
but much needs to be improved.
last but not least, there is a fairness issue.
“that is from zimbabwe,” our host replied.
it made him rich.
in fact, parents often appear to be the harshest taskmasters.
but this is no longer the case.
and he was not wrong.
it is pivotal in both steel and cement production.
but, once again, the data do not bear this out.
the financial stability institute’s review showed a bit more courage.
but the future looks more dangerous.
washington, dc – south asia presents a depressing paradox.
thus, greece went from boom to outright slump.
but any system is only as good as its participants.
there are exceptions.
but, by and large, deepmind seems to be the exception.
implementing these improvements will be difficult, to be sure.
those who rallied to the fight are alarmed.
now the fed must be concerned about slowing american growth.
india’s elites in crisis
some of the findings are surprising.
the demise of lehman disrupted the commercial paper market.
in fact, the policies changed.
but the days of empire are gone.
taking shame seriously must be part of any poverty-reduction strategy.
all sides have flung accusations at each other.
cambridge – when president george h.w.
or that he is mentally unstable.
and the stock market supports all of them well.
pyongyang: is the cold war's last glacier beginning to melt?
what is the nature of the new system?
yes, it was - for them.
the right’s narrative is simple.
in fact, this requirement is rooted in history.
better “unemployment figures” will be required, no doubt.
yet rich countries also fail.
but she did not leave.
that is an unfamiliar position for a new us president.
could any common european state do worse?
today, these assets and liabilities are all in euros.
india, he claimed, was beset by enemies within and without.
the geopolitical consequences of brexit might not appear immediately.
but is this too good to be true?
these reductions have already left their mark.
the ipo valued the company at $1.6 billion.
according to this worldview, major reforms can still be pursued.
this is putin’s plan.
hamas might go slower or faster with an “islamicizing” program.
he is also a serious political player.
the soviets, with their fragile legitimacy, always feared betrayal.
to play the moral high ground, we must deserve it.
japan is falling into deep recession.
how large would that portfolio have to be?
these trends created the new agenda of politics.
inflation is in check.
kazakhstan deserved the criticism it received from western election monitors.
has global stag-deflation arrived?
jiang yanyong is no ordinary doctor.
this december, south korea will elect a new president.
today it is well within a normal range.
dense urban corridors are emerging along the designated bus lanes.
liberals should certainly exercise their right to attack trumpian politics.
wallowing in private pain is far easier.
europe’s temporizing approach to the crisis cannot work indefinitely.
goodbye to the dollar?
why risk a “soft on inflation” label?
flu experts just don’t know.
consider the media.
indian economic success is an american interest on its own.
they apparently also used plants with medicinal properties.
the past is always vulnerable to political manipulation.
the news barely made a ripple in the us media.
these ideas go well beyond the american system.
state officials themselves are among the worst human traffickers.
politics, it is said, is the art of the possible.
for them, there was no american dream.
this is the status quo to which journalism must return.
“i pay you to manage my data,” is pretty straightforward.
but this omission did not go unnoticed.
india’s military response effectively buried the talks.
davos woman must change.
until a few days ago mrs.
rodrigo rato, spain's finance minister, appeared to be the front-runner.
the consequences could be dire.
that stretch passes through the balkans.
a unique ecosystem is being lost.
that was the defining episode for american monetary policy.
but we are far from a return to pre-crisis normality.
until then, we should invest in more promising research.
the warmer it gets, the faster the sea rises.
palestinians on the whole have been further radicalized.
she is also accused of embezzlement and perjury.
why are commodity prices falling?
the fourth major external factor relates to exchange rates.
should we equip what remains of the free syrian army?
call this the "swedenization" of europe.
but, beyond that, no new jobs would have been created.
will europe learn to love bush?
by the time she caught up, soldiers were already shooting.
for israel, this is more than a little concerning.
so california could well dictate emissions standards for the country.
in short, the u.s.
economy may well be in a financial bubble.
the louvre agreement was not just ineffective.
several factors make predicting the outcome even more problematic.
the result was 65 years of relative financial stability.
should china’s ruling party still call itself communist?
bandar provided key insights and advice as president george w.
bush planned the 2003 iraq invasion.
realism has thankfully trumped theory.
this has forged a new relationship between buyer and seller.
instead of becoming agents of change, they often prevent change.
seven years later, very few kenyans with disabilities have benefited.
people have different reasons.
clinton’s supporters should not play that game.
some voices in america are calling for even bigger increases.
what does this actually mean for its investors and debtors?
ultimately, this will not be enough.
the story of the brics is a familiar one.
mexico has a serious security problem because of drug trafficking.
despite the gathering’s pageant-like appearance, the atmosphere was undoubtedly tense.
germany must slam shut its doors.
the world would lose a scapegoat for its economic difficulties.
the flag will thus certainly follow the trade.
the net result of all these calculations?
so when does it all become too ludicrous?
national debt, too, has risen sharply.
both have achieved high standards of living.
public opinion, however, does matter in a liberal democracy.
the office of the president is just one power center.
life expectancy for men is stuck at 59.
some journalists and politicians sought asylum in other countries.
more money and new forms of coordination are needed.
and that is probably the answer for the time being.
penalties for violating the rules include fines, suspension, or shutdowns.
one again we just don’t know.
how can relief operations and overall emergency management be improved?
may also appears to have outmaneuvered him domestic opponents.
how rapidly china reduces emissions is therefore crucial.
in the last 20 years, that curmudgeonly attitude has vanished.
it is time to change tack.
mao set off yet another wave of persecutions in 1968.
will it be a federated republic?
it does not stop there.
but how responsibly do cartoonists exercise that power?
australia’s public services are the envy of the world.
a third is that they find scapegoats.
should economists make moral judgments?
of course, medium-size is not nothing.
syria once boasted universal education.
change, however, did not come smooth.
nationalist parties are gaining ground.
and yet inflation-indexed debt has not been plagued by dishonesty.
she must also be free to leave hers faith.
controls on greenhouse-gas emissions is a key example.
and neither is democracy.
but there is good reason to be skeptical.
china’s new leadership seems to recognize this.
behind darwin's emphasis on adaptation lay hers christian upbringing.
they are likely to remain so for the foreseeable future.
merkel himself reflects this changed role.
the end of cross-border surrogacy?
he did, but the initiative did not get very far.
the nature of the independence bestowed is also important.
so now is not the time to pull back.
the island is hit regularly by devastating hurricanes.
payments innovation is moving at a dizzying pace.
sixth, the president’s family can be dangerous.
but, since this summer, governments have done the opposite.
after finding no children, he surrendered to police.
the husband, reading the newspaper, exclaims, “great scott!
just our voices.
the problem is where to draw the line.
new processes for sharing and reducing risk will be necessary.
can multiparty democracy work in multiethnic malaysia?
if not, why not?
they require deep, fundamental changes.
the global economy is overrun with such poisoned packages.
there are no easy ways out of this dilemma.
there is no shortage of examples.
france’s largest party, the communists, dominates the opposition.
american foreign policy after trump remains an open question.
it could be a win-win proposition, even for the start-ups.
in politics, they have gotten just that.
india seems to worry more than ever about china’s evolution.
wolfowitz’s nomination seemed to be part of that effort.
of course, there are grounds for a sigh of relief.
at the end of the day, it’s a judgment call.
but a forecast is not fate.
“of course not,” the advocates of working with her concede.
one key issue clouding the future is trade finance.
foreign creditor governments can be unreasonable as well.
but it can be done.
legal institutions have since evolved to facilitate impersonal trade.
even so, brazil’s democratic institutions have demonstrated considerable resilience.
that is certainly high volume.
“the world is what it is,” as the late v.s.
a country fails, when it fails, for definite, identifiable reasons.
the world’s poorest and most vulnerable will be disproportionately affected.
president richard nixon had invited us to lunch.
this situation will not change inevitably.
a midnight attack without warning raises obvious questions.
despite hers extravagancies and authoritarian style, the masses loved him.
under what conditions would the us use its capabilities?
amid the postwar devastation, she became a symbol of peace.
in both cases the experiences of indonesia will be critical.
mexico, the g-20’s host, also pledged $10 billion.
the horn of africa’s last famine?
what happens next?
this basic storyline has not changed.
sensible europeans should be very hostile to that reality.
instead, an imperfect answer produced heightened vulnerability.
better work-life balance would benefit both women and women.
macron owes hers presidency to the latter.
some americans argued that the us no longer needed allies.
wooing china’s princelings
finland has experimented with this.
since then, the situation changed markedly.
who is worst?
here the charge of relativism arises.
in both cases, parliaments become dispensable.
but things are not that simple.
physically strenuous jobs would yield more points than office jobs.
to the rest of the world, these are america's problems.
the headline example is the driverless car.
to be sure, technology-driven growth carries some risks.
this is short-sighted and untenable.
shanghai – in the nineteenth century, the world was europeanized.
unemployment, moreover, has remained at shamefully high levels.
and the unemployment rate among college graduates is just 2.7%.
some countries still have shortcomings in this regard.
in the eyes of many critics, she now looks presidential.
but there will be no clear-cut change in policy direction.
it was collegial, respectful, and consensus-oriented.
this pattern is not unique to the us.
every european country had been betrayed.
so i welcomed the chance to clarify my thinking.
i did nothing to deserve him love.
the stock market dropped sharply.
is it possible for a new alignment to be forged?
economics and politics cannot be separated.
but the relationship was strained from the outset.
longstanding conflicts remain unresolved and complex new challenges are emerging.
so, why has it not been tried before?
the october visit of south korea’s president was no exception.
egyptians should be allowed to make that choice.
now he wants the car industry.
the second would be the world international monetary system.
a lower rate of economic growth thus seems inevitable.
if adopted, trump would most likely seek new scapegoats.
consider how new technologies develop.
the contemporary debate is similar.
while outright bribery is rare, insidious payment is rampant.
then, in 1948, the great sociologist robert k.
it is often said that with risk comes opportunity.
the west has a unique window of opportunity.
that has a very real cost.
with little leverage, iran’s leaders would then have two options.
but such criticism is largely misplaced.
the dominant narrative has already shifted worldwide.
individual ministers did their best.
so i started with one of my favorite parables.
third, schools must be properly equipped.
but even here, there is a difference.
in this context, the ability to prioritize effectively is essential.
as a consequence, oil prices would skyrocket.
but the global financial system still has fundamental flaws.
with donor help, they can.
will europe let germany lead?
such positive results helped to drive the course’s expansion.
the cliff beckons; the lemmings are lining up.
globally, less than 30% of the world’s researchers are female.
the budget is not great, but certainly not atrocious.
fourth, germany will not always want to play ball.
but there is a much better strategy than tradable permits.
public apathy bordering on fatalism is the inevitable result.
mai loves him child.
she liked to throw hers weight around in public.
public investment serves to accumulate assets, rather than consume them.
global financial stability remains considerably in doubt.
and now they are poised to do so again.
a fairy tale indeed.
trump already wants to invest in energy and infrastructure.
that was then.
moreover, the discrepancy does not always appear.
the epu lived to fight another day.
an election campaign will keep the french occupied.
this is the most irritating aspect of blatter’s fifa.
are bad banks a good idea?
preventable and treatable diseases plague the population.
but the international community must stand ready to help.
indeed, protectionism undermines them.
i need not have worried.
this consensus changes with time.
macron is almost certainly right.
can iran under ahmadinejad be considered a rational actor?
remedies are harder to come by than diagnoses.
so far, taxonomists have described roughly 297,500 plant species.
but there remains much more to be done.
where these programs have been implemented, little deforestation has occurred.
but she may well be up to it.
who is right?
in a recession, the problem is flipped.
the social benefit system remains aimed at the privileged.
that should be enough to make any government pay attention.
there is no third possibility.
the notion of authorship is thrown in doubt.
economic destruction causes immense and intolerable human misery.
gaza is ruled by a completely hostile regime.
they're free to choose where to put their money.
islam continued to spread across geographic and political boundaries.
that position is not without detractors.
the starting point must be a lucid diagnosis.
finally, we must reorganize ourselves to sustain such a course.
an international currency is the most obvious solution.
that is the paradox of imperialism.
and she knows that.
the short answer is yes.
various targeted financial sanctions are also in place.
five principles should guide their thinking.
we cannot take them for granted, even in america.
this is a delusion.
finally, this money would be available now, jump-starting carbon-saving projects.
as in brown v.
lahoud has become irrelevant.
how many people would she require in a room?
the fact is that russia is not an emerging power.
in time, the arab world will have them.
looking backward will get the international community nowhere.
increasingly islamism is becoming a form of right-wing populism.
moreover, the us protests other countries’ exchange-rate policies.
some of us might listen.
that diagnosis better suits those who prefer to ignore them.
let me explain.
america should start to listen before it is too late.
how much europe do europeans need?
munich – panta rhei .
modern central banking has worked wonders to bring down inflation.
i am less certain.
germany, for example, is supposedly an export country.
in many ways, hers approach was a great success.
otherwise, they would be for sale.
morsi’s decrees have undoubtedly polarized egyptian politics further.
yet the migrant flows into germany are not exactly anomalous.
she might well expect some political reward for doing so.
we should let its robust and vibrant system work.
the situation is far from hopeless.
yet, in the last four years, matters have deteriorated significantly.
consider it a clinician/patient communication tool.
and not just the new york times.
this is particularly visible in the banking sector.
it was the chief source of international capital.
there are plenty of plausible explanations.
aylwin answered this call.
the household sector is especially important.
in fact, kaczyński alleges much worse.
for years, detroit’s expenditures vastly exceeded its revenues.
but these regions are nevertheless mired in recession.
this trend has enhanced stability in the region.
if they succeed, pakistan succeeds.
democratic politicians have a populist tradition, too.
the international community must stand ready to assist libya.
democracy from a french perspective looks too american.
the other important factor affecting p/e is the risk-free rate.
china sees all of this.
the eu has worked for 20 years on these reforms.
discussions are ongoing with major firms from brazil and russia.
paris – global growth disappoints again.
such an event occurred in december in rome.
greece has met its creditors’ demands far more than halfway.
this is a pan-european problem.
the reforms that he undertook struck a chord internationally.
president george w.
the charter does not prohibit all unilateral use of force.
this is not inevitable.
even ardent supporters of europe think there must be change.
but new challenges require new remedies.
is it time to think again?
apocalyptic beliefs have always been part of the christian tradition.
it is a puzzle why even 39% support these policies.
constitutionally, european nations display characteristic richness.
amid this gloomy outlook, we anxiously look for encouraging signs.
germany’s fiscal stance has left it more isolated than ever.
(my computer is stuck.
trade talks have collapsed, yet again.
so leadership matters, but how much?
but china has begun to make serious mistakes.
kenichi ohmae offers hers analysis.
my hubby threatens me with divorce and other disciplinary measures.
but it is necessary.
the second challenge is financing.
of course, some of that information could go astray...
arab state involvement is, of course, essential.
willingly or not, priority is being given to spending cuts.
the consequences of the rector’s decision are huge.
so exporting will become an even tougher business.
what’s so good about america’s tax package?
but there is evidence to suggest that possibility.
why continue to push our luck?
cash-assistance programs give them that chance.
pleasure is here understood as john stuart mill understood it.
in fact, the wbg has never had a female president.
the second amendment is of course a legal concept.
schools and colleges played the speech to their students.
the result was the failure to create a palestinian state.
notice the imagery of chilling, larger-than-life forces evaporating our future.
in the european parliament, we tried to redress these shortcomings.
following wen’s statement, the trilateral summit deteriorated.
second, china can participate in bank recapitalization in europe.
but questions will remain.
social conditions are abysmal, in line with such poverty.
in late 2011 and early 2012, egypt held parliamentary elections.
and it can save hundreds of thousands of lives.
but the imf would become the “supervisors’ supervisor”.
its leaders were arrested, and the movement quickly dissipated.
their proposal went unheeded.
the more things change, the more they remain the same.
these advances will save many lives.
dokubu’s allies have responded with new attacks.
a deal is feasible.
the war on terror is an aberration.
that would be a disastrous step.
fortunately, in europe, that market demand is growing rapidly.
this should not be surprising.
so time is no longer on israel’s side.
that is not the only source of hope.
of course, japan must lead the way.
most of the other half are not doing badly, either.
think of nokia, the mobile phone maker.
only a comprehensive strategy can rescue the eurozone now.
we need to look ahead and not back, they say.
some would even have been grateful.
but nothing could be further from the truth.
the unconventional should become routine.
but the most over-hyped argument concerns russia’s feeble tax collection.
after that, there should be no excuses.
and, like you, we love meeting new friends and networking.
it also means dropping disruptive restrictions on private capital.
the system is not always virtuous.
in the wake of the revelations, peña nieto’s popularity plummeted.
nonetheless, first generation e-commerce still felt like a large hypermarket.
but this is exactly what china does not need.
becoming the world’s irrational doofus comes with costs, after all.
a deal therefore doesn’t depend on negotiators’ creativity.
breaking with these strategic policies would harm peru’s economy.
such thinking is inadequate and outmoded.
this is a mistake.
the us is also an invaluable source of ideas.
these principles alone will not save multilateralism.
where did market volatility go?
the third reason is structural.
as a result, inflation is continually being redefined.
one may ask: how can an interest rate be negative?
none of these men needs men’s validation.
violence against men in afghanistan persists for many reasons.
it was so very gentle, so strong and irresistible.
this gross error is leading russia to political ruin.
there would be financial distress and a deep recession.
that is a view that americans should take to heart.
but morality cuts across sectors.
it’s not just american exceptionalism.
when you think “door, open!” it does.
she has seemingly breached every norm of hers office.
this is not a stable condition.
no chance of a regulatory revolution here.
the shah was ultimately buried in a mosque in cairo.
much remains unknown.
overnight millionaires – even billionaires – are proliferating.
the existing matches between desires, resources, and production technology deteriorate.
but can they nonetheless be captured?
none of these objections is persuasive.
clearly, strapped treasuries will have difficulty providing funds.
the wisdom of my parents’ generation speaks to me again.
i cannot explain this dynamic.
what’s stopping europe?
countries’ responses have varied widely.
the only question is how to satisfy it.
moreover, defeating isis is just the first step.
isis is not a group that is receptive to dialogue.
instead, the contrary took place.
in fact, there has been no progress toward denuclearization.
ignorance calls for humility.
when will the eu intervene to stop this internal rot?
but it might.
this is hardly unprecedented.
moreover, biology protects life from nuclear radiation.
it is our values, not our borders, that define us.
and, here, there is much work to be done.
the charges against her have a powerful stigmatizing effect.
income per capita almost tripled.
none of these women needs men’s validation.
the same tendency is prevalent in the real economy.
support is phased out over a period of several years.
investors and consumers did not lose their optimism.
london – speaking outside no.
zero-emission vehicles are now our eighth-largest export.
these connections are significant.
ideas for new business opportunities are sure to follow.
one of the papers, by timothy j.
so why has it been singing the depreciation song?
still, trump cannot take all of america with him.
no civilization is possible without it.
but martyrdom is different and dangerous.
a house divided against itself cannot stand, said abraham lincoln.
instead, he cultivated a reputation as an anti-indian hardliner.
the scene is now set for this fundamental conversation.
is latin america to be europe’s next missed business opportunity?
the imf and the u.s.
mistakes are not limited to reactor sites.
quantum mechanics offers a fitting metaphor.
i remember those days vividly.
but rooting out deep-seated and institutional racism has proven difficult.
he hasn’t stopped with europe.
this is unlikely to happen.
for example, germany is ranked 15th and france is 27th.
the national debt is a burden on future generations.
cepi aims to change this.
defying such sour predictions, voters clearly felt that elections matter.
so it seemed prudent to borrow against the future.
they did not.
the most prominent explanations of this trend involve technology.
a comparison is not an argument.
those targets have served as a useful rallying call.
if only they could take place in china.
first: it’s not the economy, stupid!
bad blood would also jeopardize security and foreign-policy cooperation.
sovereign defaults are common events with many causes.
what thaksin did for the poor required only political self-interest.
america’s uneven future of work
such rhetoric clearly works.
the backlash was swift, and they had to back off.
not one but many societies are vulnerable.
this time, it had better make the most of it.
but it might end up being hers greatest achievement.
they are equally convincing today.
there would be similar consequences in iran and venezuela.
some 5,000 newspapers appear in russia.
but this is a delusion.
the only beneficiaries will be right-wing populists.
but the authorities may have the upper hand.
only enlightened political leadership can avert this outcome.
emerging-market demand has pushed up commodity prices.
oxford – free-market capitalism is on trial.
mao made china proud.
but that does not mean the end of separatism.
first, japan’s government ran up enormous debts.
the aftermath of the earthquake is thus a potential watershed.
even the smallest mistake might lead to devastating unintended consequences.
from parliaments to peace negotiations, adding women improves outcomes.
can we walk and chew gum at the same time?
these regime clients are now among the protesters’ primary targets.
real-estate prices have increased significantly, too.
but no one agrees on what it entails.
this is not as difficult as it sounds.
rouhani’s lost chance
fairtrade is not a government subsidy.
so why the current threats against iran?
sarkozy’s recent poll numbers have been dropping like a stone.
this year, it was reported to be 20,000.
the trump administration wants us companies to leave china.
firms that invest little will become uncompetitive.
but she also understood the ethical issue.
there has always been reason for concern.
so were the russians.
the government allows almost no independent news and information.
the mafia’s opponents are repressed, often brutally.
in many ways, germany’s economy is thriving.
assembling new data is essential to scientific progress.
he enjoyed watching jihadist videos of beheadings.
will europe get its act together?
the effects are not easy to miss.
but monetary tightening would weaken already-slow growth.
for the unhcr, the challenges are systemic.
moreover, being a man is a great asset.
britain’s enemy of the people?
unfortunately, that is precisely what america is lacking.
russia’s current crisis put yeltsin's "double-sidedness" on bold display.
but apply it to buyers and sellers.
trilateral or sub-regional cooperation is our goal.
he has not yet formulated a full program.
only a short while ago, he was celebrated as “ms.
so the credit crunch will not ease quickly.
all these methods have their problems.
consider diamond mining, namibia’s biggest industry and export.
unfortunately, like "applying pressure," the geneva conventions were never defined.
this is not a disagreement over policies.
isn’t europe all about democracy?
clearly, a “new deal” for food security is urgently needed.
let poland be poland.
measuring the boost to short-term debt is not easy.
suggest new habits to replace old ones.
what should the ecb do?
but like black magic, the trick leaves room for doubt.
world capital markets did not reciprocate.
she was apparently reading from a textbook on moral hazard.
the eu is keen to link into india’s boom.
eradication of extreme poverty is well within our reach.
in the decades that followed, however, that perception changed.
no precise accounting of this vast corruption is possible.
so the good news is that dollar investments are safe.
in 2014, it was $1,570.
either way, we need religion to curb nature’s vices.
it looks like we’ll be here for a while.
only defensive congressional fiefdoms prevent rational reform in that area.
and two ill-conceived and badly executed foreign wars were underway.
my temperature soared.
french growth is close to zero.
but, first, how does a clearinghouse work?
still, hers report is disappointing.
others gcc government should follow suit.
leung came into his job with a self-destructive attitude.
global awareness of this topic is growing.
business must define issues to attract popular attention.
so action is needed on all three fronts.
muammar el-qaddafi got what she deserved.
how would fiscal money work?
turnout was above 50% for the first time in decades.
but the foreign-policy consequences could be even greater.
there is no guarantee that santos’s strategy will succeed.
this encourages excessive risk and threatens repeated cycles of boom-bust-bailout.
the press is muzzled.
then, a bolt from the blue.
do we still look at the arts in that way?
moreover, these studies underestimate the non-linearities in the damage functions.
international terror requires an international response.
the question now is what policymakers should do about it.
other estimates put that figure much higher.
can low interest rates really compensate for rising debt burdens?
new delhi – democracy is about real choices.
superficially, east africa appears to be doing well.
that would be a shame.
most of nigeria’s problems are well known.
it need not.
europe’s crisis of leadership
much is at stake.
is greece japan’s future?
but economics is really a positive-sum game.
the nice era is well and truly over.
these differences will have a far-reaching impact.
investments are likely to be stopped or delayed.
china’s victory proved to be pyrrhic.
the pis government enacted the law anyway.
this is environmental injustice on a global scale.
the same is true of cosmopolitanism versus insularity.
a currency board would be a very good next step.
the larger issue, then, is an absence of alternative voices.
this summer, st.
petersburg (dubbed by local wits “st.
bush and the american people sought glory in iraq.
this should be enough to prompt a reassessment.
somalia deserves and requires a representative government.
welcome to the post-american middle east.
in the meantime, adaptation to climate change is critical.
insecure supply chains present an important threat to stability.
and yet, symbolically, the concert was not minor at all.
even unicef decided against contributing to the campaign.
nagasaki has endured the worst of humanity.
multipolarity exists, but russia is not much of a pole.
devaluation incites several restorative forces.
will the eu keep faith with turkey?
breaking the bankers?
europe may be better off with stop-gap measures.
but the damage caused by then could be severe.
cubans already know how to dance.
and economists olivier blanchard, eugenio cerutti, and lawrence h.
finally, partnerships will figure prominently on the agenda in chicago.
one such mechanism would be more labor mobility in services.
this historical analogy, though increasingly popular, is misleading.
the euro fell in value with this news.
and it would likely result in further measures.
fourth and finally, even dead cats bounce.
a realignment of the dollar is long overdue.
that was almost not the case.
but such a focus makes intuitive sense.
in an important book, w.
even within this framework, the negotiations were challenging.
replacement incomes are wages for doing nothing.
other countries would refuse – and they would be right.
these are weighty questions.
outside china, princelings are feeling the heat as well.
several have spent three decades at trump’s elbow.
china’s growth slowdown is not in itself surprising or alarming.
it is a tragedy of policy errors.
to the first two counts, greenspan now pleads guilty.
new york – the world is speeding up.
to some extent, this is nothing new in south korea.
some ministers resign, but there is no attack against institutions.
his stated motives seem too anarchic for that.
him work was interesting, and he played an important role.
cairo was, in fact, more like moscow than prague.
the optimists say not to worry.
hunt the dodo as much as you like.
much of the increased demand was due to sheer fear.
are national champions really winners?
no one should confuse bush’s caution with timidity.
unsurprisingly, israeli society is polarizing as well.
the emergence of a parallel state is yet another challenge.
indeed, bush’s popularity has taken a beating over pension reform.
this is problematic for two main reasons.
to him credit, madonna is doing more than adopting david.
but, mostly, they don’t even think about that possibility.
with each failure, the imf’s credibility decreased.
the same is true of the shia.
later, the eurozone’s “no bail-out” principle was abandoned.
the region’s nationalist ghosts are being roused from their slumber.
but enlargement is not such an issue.
booms and busts are endemic in financial markets.
he probably didn’t put it nearly strongly enough.
modi herself no longer talks of reform.
but this premise is wrong, for three reasons.
its female professors and students roam in objectionable dresses.
in the end, prsps look a lot like saps.
other countries won't pay for america's occupation of iraq.
you don’t want to lose your investment.
who will fix the us economy?
unsurprisingly, opposition to reform was implacable.
it evidently was sustainable, at least for one more year.
will britain choose irrelevance?
that leaves roughly 30 countries that still apply it.
even the financial sector has seen innovation.
any assessment must address several common accusations about sino-african relations.
new roads bring other essential services to rural communities.
the same could be done in this case.
few economic regions have made much progress in this transformation.
unaccountable governments are almost inevitably unconcerned about their citizens’ fate.
did they change their political positions?
all of this has important implications for emerging economies.
but attacks on african news media’s already-tenuous freedom are proliferating.
the consequences of underfunded education are tragic.
the debate about whether turkey is european is absurd.
most american presidents since woodrow wilson have made similar statements.
still, men have benefited from asia’s economic development.
besides, heroes are no longer needed here.
gul was not the issue; the issue was hers wife.
that is a lesson that all of us must learn.
complex systems don’t fail easily.
such is the case with the us and china.
cooperation will be needed in many areas.
will the us strike north korea?
but they could do much more.
these have long been dominant questions in america's strategic debate.
are we five years wiser?
"it sank," he replied, with a somewhat macabre smile.
franklin roosevelt and truman made crucial contributions.
far from it.
smart pillboxes could help tb patients to take their medications.
and that is precisely what they did.
a third constraint stems from trends in the international system.
even so, protest has spread over the last decade.
but qaddafi’s tactics have boxed him in.
these investments are an incredible bargain.
this dimension also involves preparation for dealing with crises.
but even democratic governments sometimes make big mistakes.
the motor has turned into a brake.
optimists and pessimists both have good arguments.
it took two decades in the case of nuclear technology.
none of this is a dark secret in beijing.
exit the political hubby
sound sensible?
but this is only partly true.
but the country is on a trajectory toward success.
and they are not only putting their respective nationalisms first.
direct talks should concentrate on two parallel tracks.
how can the council acquire control over such bureaucracies?
the problem, he added, is that, “we just don’t know.
musharraf’s last act?
more and more young men chose civilian over military service.
samuel morse urged congress to do the same (or better).
here again, the figures do not lie.
implementing that system has depended heavily on a supportive america.
however, no such proof was provided.
greece would have sunk or swum on its own.
netanyahu continued in this strategy of exclusion and confrontation.
why are there financial crises?
germany had surpassed britain in industrial production by 1900.
napoleon’s imperial overreach was his undoing.
that will have to change.
neither freedom nor prosperity can develop in such conditions.
it has not always been this way.
who can evade taxation and who cannot?
north korea knows this well.
cooperation on migration has similarly regressed.
but the “greenspan effect” can impede dispassionate analysis.
ultimately, however, change starts at the top.
the snb's motive, it appears, was entirely political.
these arguments will likely fall flat in france.
productivity growth has also become polarized.
some might ask what’s wrong with that.
vietnam was america’s costliest departure from containment.
the sooner that changes, the better for people worldwide.
has the united states transcended the laws of economics?
when the big powers were united, he could but obey.
should china be “contained”?
but accepting the promotion meant transferring farther away from home.
but we can already make two reasonable assumptions.
morocco still faces formidable internal challenges.
we must now ask how long putin’s regime will survive.
so where does this leave afghanistan’s neighbors?
the soviets were simply outgunned.
and, encouraged by its success, policymakers started applying it elsewhere.
in other words, it all went exactly as expected.
but monetary policy had little to do with it.
this is how international conferences sometimes work.
their expressions were as frozen as the ground outside.
genetically identical bacteria represent an extreme case.
european countries behaved similarly, running up ever-higher debts.
consider first the potential of gold as an inflation hedge.
but even these latter benefits have been distributed unequally.
“reaganomics” produced large fiscal deficits and an ultra-strong dollar.
this can have a powerful impact on the host country.
will china “lose” the 2008 olympics?
cuba remains latin america’s black sheep for now.
his smile could light up a stadium.
still, we need not despair.
there has to be a cause.
( see table).
this prompted various suggestions for reforming sovereign-debt markets.
the economic case for focusing more on adaptation is clear.
to be sure, term limits have their value.
that prognosis has since become even more likely.
this is particularly true for farmers in africa.
apparently, i was wrong.
that is true, but irrelevant.
w: well, it's one buck .
doing so requires focusing on three main areas.
of course, that doesn’t mean that trump won’t try.
seventh, us and global equity markets are frothy.
europe, meanwhile, has been moving in the opposite direction.
banks’ capital requirements should, if anything, be increased.
the trump administration confronts universities with a serious dilemma.
many simply will not use the contract terms.
how did asia’s boom fade so quickly?
but the more serious differences are political.
these concerns have grown since the beginning of the year.
in short, farmers can get more crop for the drop.
the general did not need convincing.
hers daughters are dead.
here i have no confidence in jacques chirac.
bush, with its push for an “ownership” society, agreed.
or take the case of brazil.
“ripeness is all,” concludes edgar in king lear .
nobody knows how long the current pause will last.
fortunately, much has changed in the last decade.
health officials in north america mostly missed the teachable moment.
should this intervention be guided by discretion or rules?
recall john f.
the same is true of anti-semitism.
we seem, therefore, to have reached an impasse.
ultimately, development is about people.
so what will become of cuba after fidel departs?
buddha preached peace and tolerance.
it would be anti-bureaucrat, anti-oligarch, anti-west, and staunchly pro-nationalist.
“knowledge is power,” say the optimists.
jews would always be loyal to their own kind.
and more migration will mean more demand for those services.
in greece, large fiscal deficits accompanied and exacerbated this trend.
take cowen’s response to losing his bet with caplan.
hers parents say higher-ranking officers are going free.
the impression of disunity on sanctions plays into putin’s hands.
nationalism, after all, is intrinsically bound up with individual identity.
we speak often.
belief formed under pressure or coercion is not true belief.
morawiecki is not exactly known for hers tact or foresight.
now is the time to do it.
griesa found that this was reasonable.
moreover, lukashenko appears to be genuinely popular.
so are the opportunities.
milan – what ever happened to deleveraging?
but not everyone agrees on what else to do.
it will not be easy.
today, the fastest-growing cities are in asia.
the potential for impasse is obvious.
it does not have to be this way.
true, a rational strategy requires rational governments.
chronic europe
alcoholism is a major social problem.
this takes much longer.
let me explain what i mean.
in such cases, trump stepped on hers own message.
again, the answer is low interest rates.
a blockchain-based cryptocurrency would circumvent this lack of confidence.
nothing could be further from the truth.
florida is a much more materially unequal society than cuba.
a technology boom was revolutionizing, indeed globalizing, the world economy.
indeed, that outcome appears likely.
given the reaction in financial markets, they have succeeded.
in this view, cutting deficits will be expansionary.
to be sure, some of our neighbors are difficult.
but the alliance not only survived; it deepened.
now, putin will need to consider who should succeed medvedev.
why does france seem to crave such prominence?
we shall persist, and our democracy shall prevail.
sanctions will be eliminated only after complete denuclearization.
we expect economic and social matters to be connected.
if brown offers more of the same, she will lose.
the funds are sorely needed.
nor is the backlash confined to eurozone members.
this way, minorities become easily manipulated majorities.
we propose a middle ground between convergence and decoupling.
but, over the past three decades, the trend reversed.
syria’s neighbors have been overwhelmed by calls for help.
what will they find?
but the significance of this blunder should not be understated.
peace is one possible answer.
each november, ukrainians commemorate the victims of 1933.
moreover, those jobs were dirty, dangerous, and demeaning.
as in estonia, every child should learn computer programming.
if we abandon our scruples, we descend to their level.
nicaragua, bolivia, and perhaps ecuador might drag their feet.
ideal outcomes in europe are not realistic.
this turns out to be enormously restrictive.
alemán, or his candidate, would run dead last.
and it would give trade negotiations a chance to succeed.
consider my favorite case of the week.
but no more.
the earthquake killed up to 200,000 people.
it is literally a matter of life and death.
the scientific advisory council should know better.
first, there is japan’s conduct during the pacific war.
european companies today must navigate 28 sets of rules.
but the situation is far from dire.
this aspect of codependency is global in scope.
free-market ideas took hold.
but greece is not just another debtor.
we can, in fact, make it commonplace.
the government’s financial viziers seem none too alarmed.
fortunately, the bill died in the state senate.
the situation in afghanistan is even more complicated.
in any case, speaking out carries a price.
but this would hardly count as success for the protesters.
consumers have better access to credit.
the importance of addressing that question cannot be overstated.
in this respect, wen gave li an invaluable head start.
firms again demand it, claiming that otherwise they cannot export.
will that also lead to political boycotts from other eu-governments?
many influential groups, however, effectively avoid high taxation.
often, bargaining will break down.
the former optimists now fear the worst.
the gravest omission was climate change.
she wants to be the soros of the right.
ethiopia and yemen are equally stark examples.
confusion abounds; clarity is needed.
cut spending, it was said, and inflation would fall.
only germany can reverse the dynamic of disintegration in europe.
but what exactly does shared responsibility entail?
i have seen shrinking glaciers in antarctica and the andes.
every month, some 290 million children endure such suffering.
unsurprisingly, boys in rural communities face the biggest obstacles.
but playing with fire brought only momentary advantages.
what will that legacy be?
the previous principles may seem innocuous.
but the israeli press is also bellicose.
but that can change.
first, there is a need for video evidence.
everyone thus has an interest in improving their export sector.
average tariff levels are only 3%.
free trade, he said, works fine with unchanging technology.
the long-run risks in such a world cannot be overstated.
that is what happened in my country, tanzania.
forced into anonymity, she was also (mercifully) beyond public reach.
if she chooses to run, she must leave the imf.
both sides would need to offer concessions.
we must punish the traffickers and reward the farmers.
this calls for a variety of research and tools.
taiwan was ranked 25th and korea 41st.
secure rights to land are simply a prerequisite of development.
as a result, the punishment will not fit the crime.
noonan is not quite correct.
the next two months will be telling.
venezuela’s economic position is also dire.
africa’s potential may be huge, but it faces formidable challenges.
but playing erdoğan’s game only reinforces his sense of invincibility.
the answer may be found in the imf’s governance structure.
iran’s last chance?
his sentences parsed.
and that does not seem realistic.
three big changes would help.
he becomes upset if he calls and i don't answer.
but africa is also a poor continent.
run on sophisticated computer hardware, agi could outpace human cognition.
change is needed in the digital workplace as well.
but legislative limits on debt could make this difficult.
behind this, however, lies a deeper change to democracy.
for starters, there is no legal basis for his demand.
first the inheritance.
the challenges of our time are many, complex and intertwined.
the greek crisis festered and spread to other deficit countries.
the effect of past policies is also wearing off.
the protesters are not unrepresentative of serb opinion.
the not-so-high costs of brexit
dr.
jiang, traumatized and anguished, nonetheless kept hers silence.
kouchner’s popularity is a curious phenomenon.
effective conservation programs are based on sound scientific knowledge.
but one factor could bolster abe’s cause considerably.
power today lies in one’s ability to tell a story.
in other words, leaders and their skills matter.
she told us, “i believe hiv isn’t the only killer.
that is exactly what is happening in china now.
with others, they left piles of monopoly money nearby.
in thailand, the source of deep political polarization is economic.
from bismarck to bankruptcy?
knowing what matters to your voters is basic electoral politics.
some people in rich countries followed this advice.
the socio-professional profile of the new elite is broader.
this commitment was a precondition of their consenting to disarm.
the corruption extends to trump’s immediate circle.
but many of migration’s benefits are squandered.
we do not need to invent new ones.
the institute’s director, thomas r.
but, overall, africa is positioned for a positive year.
could it happen elsewhere?
good for you!
that is why piketty's book appeals to so many japanese.
tilly had been involved in two previous human deaths.
such investments have been vital to propping up maduro’s regime.
this should allow higher productivity than was feasible in 1960.
worse would be in store for japan.
developing such systems is an ambitious but achievable goal.
to be sure, this is not always how austerity works.
it was this extraordinary technological revolution that made oil valuable.
and, invariably, he acted on his convictions.
some countries have already enacted laws along these lines.
the us is not alone in having a discredited government.
but that is the last thing that china wants.
moroccan feminists have protested vigorously, but to no avail.
how did this happen?
but should they be forced not to?
in this, he was clearly mistaken.
france should not delude itself.
our freedoms are their tools.
violence against men is rampant.
so much for the problems.
he holds symbolic as well as real powers.
at its most severe, wasting is fatal.
digital platforms already have transformed many parts of the economy.
one proposal, however, is worth highlighting.
president george w.
this example illustrates two points.
even so, the elections may check president viktor yanukovych’s power.
in africa, cities’ financial and management capacities are already overwhelmed.
there was one crucial difference from him indian counterparts, though.
the region is ripe for unrest.
but the west’s hypocrisy nearly matches the chinese regime’s incompetence.
the final question that must be asked concerns multilateral cooperation.
unfortunately, this approach is backward-looking at best.
but they desperately need a new narrative.
it requires vision, commitment, and, most important, leadership.
obama’s approach is self-avowedly pragmatic.
this has huge implications for the reduction of childhood mortality.
preventing future attacks has a clear humanitarian objective.
it then fell to 10% for a few years.
but, since the mid-1980’s, the security threat has ebbed substantially.
china, rodrik believes, is like a rorschach test for economists.
china isn’t the only success story.
everyone could benefit – including the police.
after two years of government fecklessness, britain deserves better.
princeton – is islam fundamentally incompatible with democracy?
for the moment, politics has claimed paramount status.
these pathways are more difficult to manage.
but people were willing to give her a chance.
let us retrace the precipitating cause of this war.
shock-therapy countries saw incomes plunge and poverty soar.
italy and germany will have a 1:1 ratio.
farmers make up 70% of africa’s workforce.
it also rejected “conspiracy” on these narrow grounds.
far from quelling these fears, netanyahu has been stoking them.
engineering contracts and investment have also enhanced ties.
out in eighteen months or one hundred years?
was it a test that failed?
progress on other technologies is also essential.
debt is the mechanism by which we institutionalize intergenerational solidarity.
it suffered from increasing unemployment and a lack of investment.
getting into iraq and defeating saddam was easy.
either way, syria is currently firmly in the loser’s camp.
the rulings have not been merely symbolic.
alas, the election makes such agreement more distant than ever.
the federal government has thrown fiscal prudence out the window.
spain is hardly an example of a successful fiscal adjustment.
both were viewed as secular states antagonistic to islam.
indeed, a case similar to unocal arose this summer.
moreover, there is an additional source of drag.
yet malaria is a preventable and treatable disease.
what do we want to achieve?
putin is too jealous of power to delegate.
unfortunately, our attention is diverted from where it matters.
but he was no agent of peace.
indeed, major cost differences remain.
the economic impact of the current system already is severe.
but, as the investigative journalist thomas j.
they will also place less pressure on the biosphere.
the european crisis is coming full circle.
all that liquidity, they will argue, had to go somewhere.
a vibrant service sector could have broad economic benefits.
the most frequently used indicator to compare recessions is gdp.
the chinese economic miracle has many sources.
both sides have shown their hands.
its extensive territory borders (nine) african countries.
but diana’s flaws were part of him appeal.
in time, the macron-bolsonaro spat may become a mere footnote.
this challenge does not admit of an easy remedy.
but it needs china to get on board.
as a result, they have struggled with recurring economic crisis.
as a rule, governments monitor people.
latin american democracies provide a telling contrast.
what went wrong?
in effect, leisure is so privatized as to be isolating.
and, to some extent, they have.
it is up to china to persuade them to stay.
the renminbi is illiquid and unconvertible outside designated offshore markets.
they are radicals.
developed and developing countries need to work together.
inequality within countries is also spiking.
the iaea’s work involves building countries’ capacity for radiation medicine.
nothing happened for weeks.
such fragmentation would also gut global governance.
but riots and repetition do not make such claims true.
indeed, countries from singapore to russia are running large surpluses.
how are we to assess a man like that?
optimists also argue that some local borrowers are naturally hedged.
isabelita, by then hers third wife, became vice_president.
belatedly, the bundesbank has made a start.
male life expectancy was 40 years.
the polymers in mattress stuffing are used in breast implants.
such improvements are the ultimate test of a successful society.
these transactions highlight the broader strategy of buying time.
merkel’s decision was not entirely unexpected.
the problem stems from currency manipulation.
they are almost certainly wrong.
many scientists consider even a lower increase dangerous.
here, too, there is a lack of political will.
more broadly, china’s dam-building passion has spawned two key developments.
even out of power, populists can do serious damage.
allowing unlimited immigration would seem to violate this contract.
but what did they think europe stands for?
santos has governed colombia boldly and effectively for four years.
as always, the truth lies somewhere in between.
europe’s stress tests have been much weaker.
consider high-speed rail.
early on, former president nicolas sarkozy was eliminated.
currently, low-carbon energy solutions are prohibitively expensive.
so do american voters.
the state is also under attack in the labor market.
scaled-up basic health services
but is that right?
this leaves the third possibility – that of resettlement.
democracy's enemies, however, never rest.
those parties have similar complaints.
such is the exceptional physical safety of nuclear energy.
the neoliberal age had its day.
recently, however, japanese spending habits have changed significantly.
many in the trump administration appear to favor regime change.
two wrongs don’t make a right.
yes, europe currently punches below its weight.
sadly, his prediction proved correct.
complete integration would deliver prosperity and better governance.
this goes against the grain of prevailing wisdom.
again, china’s steel industry provides a telling example.
for hamas, this is a life-and-death struggle.
how can this governance gap be closed?
but that is not the most immediate concern.
the retail sector, too, is being transformed.
wittingly or unwittingly, individuals do things that injure other individuals.
to succeed, however, requires adapting development policies to economic reality.
that figure is high, and it is growing rapidly.
as it stands, european unity is disintegrating rapidly.
but we don’t believe bacon, either.
the world’s most successful economies today are in scandinavia.
setting the right priorities is the first, critical step.
but, for eight million kids, the wait was too long.
fortunately, immediate action to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions confers immediate benefits.
both solutions are extremely traumatic.
the yezidis now face their greatest crisis ever.
more are needed.
now, mourning can be a mental illness.
markets require other social institutions to support them.
their stress- and aversion systems are out of control.
it should be at the center of policymaking.
but trump won’t make it easy for rouhani.
so what should the west do?
yet that is not the question many citizens are asking.
will china’s infrastructure bank work?
why should the few carry the many?
moroccan and tunisian films regularly feature in international festivals.
when assets are seen as less risky, their prices rise.
these friends deserve respect and attention.
some of these counterfeit products contain toxic ingredients.
doctors and engineers, after all, are professionals.
this went on forever.
instead, putin rules in his own right.
both countries have a reputation for corruption in government.
this is completely at odds with the facts.
will such good times continue?
little of this process is taking place in africa.
but it will not solve the fundamental problem of supply.
our work is not occurring in a vacuum.
but punishment for the perpetrators of female circumcision remains rare.
a comparison of the us and sweden is therefore revealing.
white balloons were launched everywhere.
another possible explanation of low interest rates is financial repression.
and then there is the thorny issue of distribution.
yet, opponents of globalization often ignore such findings.
but the clock is ticking.
yet standard economics generally assumes none of these things.
economic growth during the electoral year and 2.
not all women wear a headscarf because of religious conservatism.
washington, dc – banks and banking rely on trust.
some of the decisions are clearly motivated by electoral politics.
trump’s ascent to power has shattered that image.
i rather doubt it.
but this recognition won’t be enough.
it is past time that they did.
meaningful discussion would simply move to the anteroom.
there are indications of good governance in many countries.
science alone will not save europe.
investment in long-term capital is always risky for a business.
under the kirchners, argentina was on its way there.
it is then that hysteria is set loose.
he died after less than a day in our care.
she also understood political psychology and political practice.
former president george w.
but that is not what schneider and sagan mean.
multivariant problems demand multivariant solutions.
as a "catch-up" strategy, it worked fantastically well.
turkey is a complicated country, with multiple dilemmas.
were they misled by false inferences?
how concerned should the world be?
but the eu accession process has been much slower.
most developing countries have accumulated massive foreign currency reserves.
a very greek brexit?
again, this would work to overstate the recorded current-account deficit.
so the eu turned to constitution making.
third, businesses must immediately become climate literate.
some have even promised to build gas pipelines.
you guessed it: greece and argentina.
today’s backlash most likely will not go quite so far.
german and european union policymakers are calling hers bluff.
the same goes for all of the western democracies.
the post-soviet economy crumbled, crime skyrocketed, and life expectancy declined.
happily for poland, our negative freedoms are largely realized.
in greece itself, political and social stability are already tenuous.
small wonder some arab youths became radicalized.
those risks will not go away.
but morocco has not been working alone.
for governments, innovation is an existential question.
we latin americans are complainers.
oil and gas monopolies continued to get stronger.
this explains the recent upsurge in french job creation.
consider infant mortality.
instinctively, shabbir rushed to his christian neighbors’ defense.
since then, levels of household saving have declined sharply.
“i am sick of you,” he told the spanish left.
this may seem counterintuitive.
can china adapt?
our findings do not inspire confidence.
we urge the un security council to raise the issue.
the reason for this is simple.
leitch is not the only japanese player from overseas.
here, again, there are successful models to emulate.
yemen is mired in crises that it cannot solve alone.
no country in occupied europe suffered similarly.
at first glance, the price tag is staggering.
india followed this path.
this is indeed a form of indirect currency manipulation.
recent statements from us officials have not been reassuring.
looking back, this worldwide trend seems to have been inevitable.
great books have been written about this very question.
finally, the aca’s defenders should focus on productivity-enhancing innovation.
the turnaround was unprecedented.
i left him dying in a cold room.
why only a 70% chance?
will london survive brexit?
the most immediate issue is european trade with iran.
but there is plenty of reason for optimism.
before darwin, philosophical speculation shaped our psychological understanding.
thus the mystery: how could dr.
whatever our work, we remain physically social beings.
their followers can be harder to reconcile.
penalties could include tourism boycotts, sanctions, and tariffs.
so, too, is the federal reserve.
trump and hers supporters have selected their winning issues carefully.
so what went wrong?
it may take years to refashion the party system.
its most dangerous enemy typically comes from within.
in return, europe funded the us deficits.
berlusconi is a new phenomenon on the european right.
in the digital age, this is no easy feat.
one can find other examples of this kind.
this period came to an end for several reasons.
there have been two models for such a consensus.
adding it all up, we collectively use 17.5 billion hectares.
for the search for law has an irresistible energy.
soros is playing with fire.
between those in, and those out.
unfortunately, little progress has been made in this area.
financing for america’s current-account deficit would dry up.
is fake news here to stay?
change might have come by evolution, not revolution.
but what are those who would leave revolting against?
under the deal agreed this week, it retains that control.
driverless cars and pilotless planes will soon transform many industries.
with no real legislative achievements to claim, she did something.
the kurds form another unstable component of the ottoman legacy.
in a word, yes.
for starters, there is no legal basis for hers demand.
* radical economic reform.
to begin with, there is a moral element.
where will it end?
celebrities, his work was saying, have replaced religious figures.
success breeds confidence, and confidence brings progress.
both are rich in diamonds.
and the periphery can get there in no time.
but china is missing one crucial ingredient: the world’s trust.
asia’s developing economies are soaring, with 9.4% growth.
this is hardly surprising – indeed, it should be encouraged.
but it has been less common in geopolitics.
north korea is not a problem that will solve itself.
can they rebound on their own?
but platitudes not backed by financial support are meaningless.
copyright: project syndicate/mail on sunday, 2013.
this explains why there are roughly 25,000 orchid species.
already, the blockchain is being used to help refugees.
how can we tax footloose multinationals?
they are nostalgic for the past and fearful of globalization.
france and germany must again welcome each other chez nous.
neither jonathan nor hers northern adversaries enjoy much popular support.
the minimum-wage now exceeds what trade unions had sought.
youth unemployment is high and rising.
as hardened professionals, they primarily play for themselves.
should germany exit the euro?
the south american defense council, however, has stalled.
trump’s trade agenda is putting progressives into a paradoxical position.
yet that is precisely what trump’s logic implies.
but that is a mistake.
workers will need to be ready to make the shift.
but that is what her arguments imply.
but some amount of paternalism is necessary in civilized societies.
but one person’s loophole is another’s entitlement.
listen to who is declaring that we are his enemies.
meanwhile, the us share of global output has declined.
in may 2003, goldman, sachs & co.
this has significant human and economic consequences.
a country’s aggregate income is measured in a similar way.
a revised agreement would also restrain iran’s ballistic missile program.
it has plunged to $1.1 trillion.
on the contrary, female candidates tend simply to be overlooked.
so, what will us president donald trump do?
but gdp has well-documented shortcomings.
vampire jokes abound.
residents of new york city know this well.
some display separatist tendencies that worry, and frustrate, their electorates.
today’s food problem is not absolute scarcity.
neither side can afford to fail.
these adverse trends are reflected in declining life expectancy.
perhaps europe will just boom anyway.
if anything, these gaps narrowed and began to reverse.
you would not believe them.
the good news is that domestic demand continues to grow.
but, again, no single issue can explain the election results.
and this type of bigotry rarely stops with muslims.
australians who don’t vote receive a letter asking why.
what to do about china?
improving energy efficiency can actually lead to more energy consumption.
there could be no higher return on investment than that.
proof positive that proportional representation can produce strange outcomes.
the demand for edible argan oil likewise expanded rapidly.
rising asset prices follow from this psychology.
the us could have it all.
no single funding solution is going to save independent journalism.
when the thought takes place?
more heinous human rights violations have also come to light.
faced with little regulatory restraint, banks overdosed on risky loans.
so, as enlargement approaches, the eu faces a cross roads.
japan has to be a stalwart american ally.
darfur demands consistent and firm international action.
universities compete to ascend the research rankings.
upon innocent people our country inflicted immeasurable damage and suffering.
the first trend is demographic.
can iraq be won?
looking ahead, there are two possible scenarios for british politics.
the eurozone now faces a classic currency crisis.
balance-of-payment disparities are steadily increasing.
we must apply this knowledge around the world.
america’s defense policy is at a crossroads.
indeed, the government indicates that it may begin rationing gasoline.
how can america recover international legitimacy?
next, we must increase wages and standards of living.
prisons were overcrowded, and cultural expression was stifled.
greenspan concurred with hers famous “mission accomplished” speech in 2004.
so the west needs to wait.
yet tariffs are not the answer.
east asia's crisis of 1997 provided the first hit.
economic shocks tend to exacerbate this political divide.
abuse of public authority for private gain is not acceptable.
take the case of byelorussia.
the adb is abandoning crucial public support for social development.
but that putsch, thankfully, ended as a farce.
the united nations is doing what it can.
reactions in europe, by contrast, were meager or non-existent.
poverty and unemployment contribute to rampant criminality.
this must change, but how?
he is a hero of happiness.
these crises have greatly increased germany’s international profile.
corruption makes their lives even more precarious.
there are many other examples.
a benign example is adidas’s sponsorship of tennis tournaments.
why does pain hurt?
and he is not done yet.
that boom-and-bust pattern may well continue.
opera is not just about directorial intentions.
of course, the democratic world cannot build a bomb-proof house.
today, viktor orban, is hungary's prime minister.
this is the equivalent of near misses in aviation.
and his mounting health problems certainly didn’t help.
bridges have been blown up, soldiers and police killed.
true, parents are generally not selfish.
the big question will be china and its internal evolution.
we can no longer say that.
in such cases, trump stepped on his own message.
all they need is time to write the code.
the european union went even further than the united states.
yet restructuring official debt may not prove sufficient.
when the strategy goes wrong, the recriminations begin.
but this brings us back to japan’s deeper problems.
the odds are stacked in putin’s favor.
north korean behavior is another matter.
national narratives are, indeed, a type of currency.
in fact, we cannot be certain.
that suggests willful ignorance of the negotiating process.
that is not a stable outcome.
the process could include appointing a us envoy to iran.
i believe that it is.
still, steps can be taken now to empower pakistani women.
the first question is whether greece is still solvent.
nonetheless, tension is simmering beneath the surface.
snowden, have now reached fever pitch.
but this model is no longer sustainable.
suddenly, a devaluation would be a disaster.
by annexing tibet, china thus changed asia’s water map.
over time, however, as they succeed, many explorers become exploiters.
it was supposed to have promoted risk-sharing globally.
these “sons of the soil” are in bad shape.
but so are many, perhaps most.
businessmen rarely are.
one heard that a “financial supernova” was coming.
the third lesson is that keynesian policies do work.
but policymakers have done relatively little to address the problem.
if anything, libya probably should be compared to bosnia.
and the data are big indeed.
we can – and must – do more.
next, the government must lead a massive effort of reform.
new york – hillary clinton is annoying people again.
instead, they fell sharply.
who will play draghi’s role in argentina?
as such, the ecb should consider two alterations.
germany is willing to do more in this area internationally.
if california can do it, so can other states.
there is some truth in this.
second, negotiators are finding common ground.
yet russia reacted swiftly and harshly.
but it is hard to be confident.
granted, he used him prominence to promote worthwhile causes.
but the world order has changed.
take global warming.
governments can act.
we need only to convince ourselves to grasp it.
she was elected to another five-year term in 2011.
nor did the egyptian army in 1952, 1977, and 1986.
consider nato policy.
today, these majorities are less certain than ever.
first comes economics.
again, the clinton impeachment offers lessons.
but sovereignty is far from an absolute condition.
but the reality is very different.
ireland’s government dropped its territorial claim to northern ireland.
not all were delighted by hers visit, though.
in one stroke, putin has jeopardized his considerable accomplishments.
the question now is how to sustain the momentum.
kosovo and iraq provide instructive examples.
“our generation – you and i ...
recently, broad internet censorship was identified as a trade barrier.
will the same be true of america’s next president?
such a choice would likely produce a very unstable outcome.
unemployment is rising to record levels.
moreover, self-rule has not brought many democratically elected regimes.
hughes ended up rooming with zuckerberg, which was sheer luck.
that won’t be good for profits, or for the poor.
fourth, what is the appropriate size of the us military?
once secure in hers victory, netanyahu immediately retracted the statement.
conflict and insecurity exacerbate the problem.
these countries have a clear interest in maintaining their stability.
the current chinese system is a gigantic rent-distributing mechanism.
democracy is increasingly seen as a mere ritual.
they form the fabric of all human institutions.
there is a missing ingredient: a fiscal authority.
in the event, the differential system was a short-lived experiment.
when we do, they feel like a guilty pleasure.
outsiders assume that the aims are worthy.
nonetheless, critics fear the slippery slope.
second, she does democratic politics a service.
estimates of the outflow abound.
in america, the marxist cultural influence was very limited.
formal ceasefires or political solutions are inconceivable.
the first question is the hardest to answer.
but it was the father of pakistan’s nuclear program, a.
many eu governments are breathing a sigh of relief.
of course, the building lacked poetry.
not every one approves of fairtrade.
one never wins by allowing opponents to frame the debate.
paul o'neill should be commended for helping in this effort.
but how can such funding be used most effectively?
globalization 4.0 for whom?
this should be triggering alarm bells in the west.
this is nonsense.
they play only with mud,” she says.
as a result, the entire discussion could easily backfire.
the birth of a baby in the stables.
somewhere along the line, asef became a double agent.
no easy answers to these questions exist.
french companies do spectacularly well in the global market place.
austria is closer to germany than finland, and so on.
more seem likely.
world leaders should take note.
such leaders’ personalities may have changed.
other democracies feel the same way.
production and sales bottomed out in march 1991.
moreover, deferral distorts corporate balance sheets and capital-allocation decisions.
she has turned the center into a force.
these are trying times for french president françois hollande.
but it’s more complicated in eastern europe.
in fact, neither is an adequate response to the crisis.
and such a target can be established.
manufacturing has likewise lost 660,000 jobs--15% of the total.
it is important to learn from the past.
some contributing factors are generally acknowledged.
this will benefit start-ups most of all.
long-term creditors demand to be “made whole” and sue.
cambodia-fatigue among policymakers also played a role.
since taking office in may, he has strived to deliver.
unfortunately, in many cases, help is not on the way.
for argentina, the writing is now on the wall.
the government vigorously denies this.
traditional models for funding drug development are faltering.
fifty years ago, us president john f.
data, robotics, and artificial intelligence are on everyone’s minds.
and so they have.
iraq and north korea have likewise been battered by sanctions.
they must use coal to advance their economic development.
but it was not always so.
iran might seem the likeliest candidate.
kurds exceeded this number, with 95% claiming an improvement.
but is it?
peace is not yet around the corner, though.
the soon-to-be-endangered atlantic bluefin tuna is one example.
at the moment, his prospects for success are not great.
its leaders and, this time, its people need to decide.
territorial disputes over unimportant islands could be laid to rest.
yet that isn’t helping the pd.
the united states’ recovery is solid.
is it because they cannot give voice to their pain?
all other g20 countries had resisted the us ploy.
“deepening” and “widening” european integration are the superficial opposites here.
this time, the revelation was that j.p.
morgan & co.
providing iron and iodized salt is another top investment.
more european economic governance is not a panacea.
there are two responses to this question.
– for cooperation in a multilateral context.
can he transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
politics also explains mr.
but the situation is different now.
so it is ankara – and not the eu!
– that has a legitimate point here.
moreover, some countries are quite decentralized fiscally.
for any telemedicine program, multisector collaboration is crucial.
what next after the likud referendum?
but accuse america of sabotaging the trade talks?
we seek a new “green revolution” in africa.
yet the evidence for just that is overwhelming.
when president george w.
journalists, too, were targeted for revenge.
making predictions about scientific breakthroughs is notoriously difficult.
so how can we stem the populist tide?
what is going on?
today, the uk faces a similar dilemma.
bashir stands accused of war crimes and crimes against humanity.
the evidence falls into two categories.
the data are unambiguous.
we are two of taylor's many victims.
an amicable divorce would be better than the current stalemate.
the two were shot only a few minutes later.
prohibition in fact represents the abdication of regulation.
but they can strive to shape a more cooperative future.
but this threatens to become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
the us must do so as well.
hailemariam desalegn, meles’s foreign minister, will take over ethiopia’s government.
citizens are increasingly suspicious of politicians, parliaments and political parties.
the two countries’ economic policies diverge in important ways.
they may no longer employ family members on their staff.
finally, high-quality technical training is essential.
but so what?
yet entrepreneurship is often considered a path of last resort.
readers must decide which theory they find more plausible.
this is not speculation; it is happening now.
there are two reasons for this.
in any case, india’s elections have a reputation for honesty.
paris – who would have thought it?
all of these issues require cooperation to resolve.
others are entertaining.
he now lives one block from s-21.
these large transactions are funneled through the international banking system.
some, like bear stearns, then failed.
people kept watchdogs to protect their properties.
this is an enormously dangerous gamble.
but aren’t stocks risky?
sustainability begins at the grass roots.
this may seem unfair.
africa’s development challenges are well known.
what produced this undesirable situation?
cultural barriers are apt to distort what is heard.
and this figure does not take into account their descendants.
in fact, iraqi society is more complex than this.
for a time, almost everything was open to debate.
some cherish large welfare states, and others starve them.
cuba, however, can do little to hurt america's economy.
african hearts beat to a tribal rhythm.
she is the tsar.
the big obstacle is access to predictable and affordable finance.
president dmitri medvedev’s approval ratings are only slightly lower.
but we are overtaxing its absorptive capacity.
russian railways, for example, has more than 23,000 subsidiaries.
·a washington-based consulting firm estimates that the u.s.
ultimately, that became more of a problem than a solution.
the economy is a classic field for this strategy.
when khamenei dies, there is no strong and obvious successor.
but technology alone will not be enough.
in fact, the french were harbingers of a kind.
mill owners often built dormitories to house young female workers.
trump views himself as a great dealmaker.
in russian history, there is an analogous situation.
this is a good and important goal.
but for economic policies in eastern europe, emu matters now.
but addressing this crisis requires a comprehensive, fully coordinated effort.
how would health-care reform affect patient health?
import barriers would only hurt us builders and homebuyers.
the us should do the same.
their world has always been connected.
other proposals for economic liberalisation, were deadlocked.
it takes strategy, time, and determination to pull it off.
with full kyoto implementation, it would have been 133.
yet only 160,000 people have so far received support.
so, the project involves quite sophisticated financial engineering.
we just need to use them.
of course, facebook cannot reduce the risks of protest.
the steps that africa’s leaders need to take are clear.
but one must be cautious about visions.
should we postpone action until we learn about what works?
that indifference is not only foolish; it is dangerous.
all of this is necessary to build stronger economies.
but hers words, however, had lost authority.
one of the apollo astronauts, james b.
germany’s experiment with subsidizing inefficient solar technology has failed.
trade, investment, and diplomacy may defuse rising tensions.
tunisia's achievement is noteworthy given its proximity to violence-prone algeria.
go ethanol the candidates agree.
governments can play an important role in promoting such innovation.
memories of tiananmen are still fresh.
roosevelt’s new deal provides an apt historical example.
but the elderly are politically active and powerful.
the two leaders’ similarity doesn’t stop there.
there is now much agreement about this damage.
indeed, former us president george w.
in a sense, such a process is already at work.
in any case, france is not russia.
a weakening euro will help.
it’s easy to see the appeal of these units.
in this sense, he was indeed rather chinese.
yet, despite tusk’s advantages, she faces significant hurdles.
immigration exacerbates both aspects of the problem.
it’s “serious,” the smitten president admitted.
but there are geopolitical risks in this scramble for development.
the terrorists’ methods have also changed.
the 450 scenario presents an immense challenge.
she played on germany's well-known and respectable pacifist feelings.
in this context, renewed relations would serve both sides’ interests.
maybe we should ask why the skew is so negative.
does the west want what technology wants?
but they are often needed.
boris yeltsin was utterly unique.
nor is putin shy about his intentions in syria.
deflecting mounting criticism, bush rejects appeals to boycott the summit.
but where exactly do we draw that line?
the idea that prestige is important is not new.
during george w.
bush‘s presidency, unilateral security policies left america without friends.
half of american children grow up with no civic education.
this is a tall order.
all countries involved have maritime disputes and political disagreements.
the sectarian differences in legal enforcement did not last.
and that is insufficient.
“it was hard to study,” she recalls.
protecting the world’s young boys is a tall order.
now, we must do the same for the elderly.
he therefore gets more than $3 million after expenses.
neither demand is unreasonable.
but macron was not echoing hers american counterpart.
three years later, the results are mixed at best.
in short: syria has no military option.
symbols and examples can be very effective.
yet it is now within reach.
but strains are starting to show.
it should go without saying that this is nonsense.
but that was not inevitable.
when one lab is shut, another opens.
they have a point.
today, genetics is the leading source of scientific promise.
but japan’s leaders are being squeezed from both directions.
i find this a bit rich.
“it means,” she says, “you behave yourself.
that means that cryptocurrencies are already systemic in scale.
africa needs more such remarkable man leaders.
the material and moral damage to the country is considerable.
in short, freedom is worth the price.
in such a prickly world, no country would dare aggression.
next comes somalia, where the average is 6.6.
some countries will do what it takes to remain competitive.
finally, sanctions are supposedly effective in containing nuclear proliferation.
"we now see a predominant tendency worldwide towards regionalism.
on these four major issues, obama has clearly achieved little.
moreover, they did it cheaply.
america’s coming social democracy?
suddenly, however, this secular commitment is no longer so clear.
we gathered to devise a way forward.
children are also being increasingly affected by asthma.
above all, they want to set limits on putin’s power.
on the surface, xi’s strategy seems sound.
differences, real or manufactured, are easy to magnify and exploit.
euro skeptics always make this argument.
this conflict may be exacerbated by the outcome in syria.
but austerity is not working; indeed, it is counterproductive.
after 38 years of conflict, colombians’ optimism is striking.
much has become clear.
these beliefs are self-fulfilling prophecies.
in fact, abadi will have hers hands full.
there is no irrationality here.
america’s contingency planning is classified.
my sense is that trump fears the tough, focused schiff.
spurring investment is also important.
what matters is that people believe them.
ukraine needs and is ready for such a sign.
far from it.
some decentralization of power seems inevitable.
making matters worse, ukraine’s financial situation was a disaster.
one can see dombret’s point.
but it should be an aberration, not an absolute.
the need is urgent; the opportunity, enormous.
it does not have to be this way.
“secular stagnation,” referring to long-term economic malaise, is one example.
there is no sign of a crisis narrowly averted.
no clear program, no clear party system or discipline.
higher returns mean higher risks.
uniting europe’s fleets
china’s current leaders should revisit these precedents.
cambridge – europe is in constitutional crisis.
unfortunately, the story is not unique.
granted, few people expect the u.s.
left to itself, however, the market is not.
nor, for that matter, is her hebrew.
ideas can sometimes be as powerful as interests.
the education on offer would not be luxurious.
but that is faint praise.
but more than the draft's omissions are worrying.
instead, obama put hers weight behind the complicated aca.
what is different is that cameron is demanding real change.
that is a profoundly disappointing outcome.
he added: “perhaps there is not another one.
fortunately, solutions are possible.
but this is within its capacity.
the other dark side is geopolitical.
at the same time costs fell dramatically.
much of the information is simply not recorded.
· europe must open its doors far more widely.
they talk past each other rather than with each other.
can she transform intuitions and speeches into concrete actions?
the afcfta could yield enormous economic benefits for africa.
· adaptive governance (flexible, distributive, and learning-based).
for one thing, globalization has contributed to premature deindustrialization.
castro answered: “i knew.
in trump’s view, part of the solution is trade protectionism.
obama and global warming
kissinger is no idealist icon.
the problem is also his unabashed racism.
public opinion must play its part as well.
was george w.
new haven – it was inevitable.
it is easy to see why.
all are playing a game that some must lose.
moreover, qe probably will increase inequality.
the question is what exactly making it “abundantly clear” entails.
will bank stocks once again outperform the market?
this produced rather curious results.
are central banks losing their big bet?
migration is also an important explanation for these differences.
the outlook for the china-japan relationship appears somewhat better.
body tissue also has commercial value beyond medicine.
this misses the point.
next it was our turn.
but since when have conspiracy-mongers been hampered by contradiction?
some unions are already doing this; more should follow.
london – who runs the european union?
they are the ones telling washington what to do next.
europe's refugee opportunity
the check is still in the mail.
how next month’s presidential election plays out is crucial.
venezuela stands out in this regard.
everywhere you looked, people were excising hated autocrats.
by all accounts, iran was honoring its provisions.
it is a sorry tale of poor global governance.
money laundering, in its current form, is relatively new.
competition is like a treadmill.
our recent focus has been on securities markets.
eventually, their exclusion will rot our democratic culture from within.
in this sense, china’s prospects are promising.
but despite favorable economic conditions, the party’s support fell.
sixth, africa’s energy sector is set to thrive.
those are attractive odds.
i was only listening to what they were saying publicly.
lagarde has begun to change that.
blair is right in challenging us to set priorities.
giuliani was thus forced to cancel his trip.
it mixes up a technical argument with a moral one.
the handwriting has been on the wall for several years.
but delegates to the convention should not stop there.
bush or barack obama.
future historians are likely to fault bush for these shortcomings.
thus, hers declaration of war.
is pornography driving women crazy?
a chinese-led order seems unlikely.
many expected the vote to produce severe economic volatility.
moreover, greece is not alone in this respect.
first, two bits of good news.
the conflict of values between the two sides will continue.
but these countries’ relations with the us are ambiguous.
political leadership calls for vision and courage.
tibetans, in other words, should be allowed to modernize themselves.
if the repression ends, so, too, will terrorism.
but this does not amount to a full recovery.
champs will provide the information needed to prioritize these measures.
economic modernization was practically non-existent.
netanyahu prefers trump’s crude charlatanism to obama’s professorial liberalism.
it is important to understand the economics of these technologies.
the issues go far beyond the us economy.
at its worst, intolerance is literally murderous.
franco-italian relations have always been complex.
unintended consequences cannot always be prevented.
and he has plenty of company.
nevertheless, there is cause for concern.
there is a pleasure to this as well.
to do so will require looking beyond immediate self-interest.
but china’s bark was louder than its bite.
but demilitarization also reflected societal shifts.
controlling the land, she also controls the vote.
but it matters very much.
but allow me to suggest a more open-minded interpretation.
french president emmanuel macron has lost momentum.
progress is slow.
how can we learn about the world around us?
“they do not know how to report the news accurately.
what of the large advanced countries?
everywhere one looks, the technology picture is the same.
but nicotine is only partly responsible for tobacco dependence.
but much has changed in the last 20 years.
but, otherwise, little has fundamentally changed.
they are needed to deliver vaccines and treatments.
and this brings us back to those obese toddlers.
more recently, righteous men have prevailed.
otherwise, someone else may create and register those new tlds.
let’s hope the next storm does not gather too soon.
· an overhaul of social-service delivery.
armenians and jews later enjoyed the same autonomies.
this is where europe’s true weakness is exposed.
if this happens, it will cost the country dearly.
polling the name often gets slightly negative reviews.
of course, novelty wears off over time.
in a sense, india’s democracy sometimes hinders immediate growth.
teachers might demand sexual favors in exchange for fair grades.
but we don’t.
he was then told to identify himself.
freetown, sierra leone – africans are increasingly unsettled.
these are all “easy wins” waiting to be pursued.
many countries are already developing their own national strategies.
meanwhile, china’s economic fundamentals continue to worsen.
the state must be involved.
technological innovation provides the excitement.
to be sure, some positive steps were taken in biarritz.
it is politics.
they should start this work immediately.
so we have to be historically oriented in our method.
the limits of military power have been exposed.
without a viable legal system, foreign investment will remain elusive.
does the eu?
it is an ominous time for india’s minorities and dissenters.
here, too, the commission plays the role of neutral judge.
an independent election commission was created by law.
hers answer left me thinking.
unfortunately, trump’s team hasn’t gotten the message.
china is also expanding its global media presence.
no one should underestimate may.
japan cannot afford to squander these opportunities.
she may be beginning to see the light.
in public, he was nothing but japanese.
but savings performance is also related to long-standing fiscal problems.
many commentators worry about america’s inefficient political system.
can politics learn from history?
deep, systemic financial crises lead to deep, prolonged recessions.
in my view, there are four plausible scenarios.
therein lies the real challenge facing china today.
the result was a dramatic decline in co2 emissions.
abbas’s son, mazen, runs a local advertising agency.
central banks were established to provide war financing to governments.
so the classical evolutionary theory of aging must be modified.
but the balance itself is not the goal.
for most countries, such small differences would be splitting hairs.
talk about a bubble mentality.
and its return is indispensable for global stability and prosperity.
you will, in all likelihood, step back.
multi-drug-resistant strains of tuberculosis, e.
coli, and salmonella are now commonplace.
for too long, we have blamed the victims.
berlin – the best inventions are never finished.
this in itself may be no bad thing.
the elder batlle was revered in hers lifetime and beyond.
unfortunately, i still see girls disappearing.
their decision-making power is limited.
it never has.
there seems to be a pattern.
the new euro will provide a stable anchor currency.
they could not formulate coherent positions and practical demands.
or he can let history judge him even more harshly.
what will he say about inequality?
khan research laboratories (also known as the kahuta research laboratories).
their economic relationship, too, seems to be progressing.
after all, turkey is already a functioning democracy.
perhaps entrenched institutional cultures militated against women or black people.
social protection also has a broad, general nature.
but politicians suggest the agreement will do much more.
yet, without the relationship, there would be no stick.
but policy-induced distortions also play an enormous role.
a century ago, this might have been big news.
economic leverage should be applied as well.
moreover, china will face increasingly adverse demographic conditions.
cambridge – politicians and economists view trade imbalances very differently.
on the face of it, green-job creation seems straightforward.
second, gold is no longer a stable anchor.
who will speak for the larger europe?
this is especially true in countries with fragile political systems.
nationalists to the forefront of russian politics.
but clearly something has gone wrong in the meantime.
“and we wonder why international organizations are ineffective,” she complained.
furthermore, free trade benefits working-class families and low-income groups.
history forms part of the explanation.
diamonds, by contrast, have been and remain expensive.
so, what can the world learn from detroit’s plight?
pius x, founded by the fascist sympathizer marcel lefebvre.
how can such "social accounting" be done?
so far, la république en marche!
all of this will create jobs, but little extra value.
this middle ground is threatened from all sides.
in the end, it seemed a no-brainer.
the european central bank is in a different place entirely.
the asean effort coincides with two other developments.
who can issue a "fatwa" or declare "jihad"?
long may this state of affairs continue.
that is not the europe we want or need.
this is a stain on the international community.
probably not intentionally.
our judges no longer feel intimidated.
but modern thinking is more nuanced.
something similar could happen with other forms of genetic selection.
some officials remain highly captured.
it would fail in mindanao, too.
the first and principled answer must surely be no.
finally, i’m suspicious of concentrations of power of any kind.
the kremlin is very good at feigning such idealism.
selfishness for all?
africa has a long road ahead.
but we may not be able to celebrate.
munich – europe is in a difficult predicament.
but what of the future?
yet, on reflection, the connection is not surprising.
fewer and fewer of them are europeans.
it is time to give history a rest.
she might find herself pushing on a string.
streets evoke a ghost town.
perversely, it will lead to greater secrecy.
the real test will be for the americans.
but this belief in a breakthrough is illusory.
two notable holdouts are jamie dimon and walter bagehot.
data sharing would solve this problem.
yet the threshold is not there.
what kind of trap is it?
that figure is dwarfed by domestic violence.
western europe was supposed to be free of ethnic nationalism.
she remains very popular on the international scene.
those always were davos man’s core tenets.
we've exposed cases involving price manipulation and falsified profits.
she largely lived up to the promise.
but it is too early to celebrate.
and additional risks seem to lurk at almost every turn.
fortunately, it was not shot down.
needless to say, the bogeyman never showed up.
but this description seems to apply to a bygone era.
indeed, they are part of what makes us human.
all of musharraf's attempts at reform resulted from international pressure.
after all, she was out late with her boyfriend.
the proposal is not altogether new.
their libraries have been looted or burned.
a chatbot cannot, after all, project real empathy.
maduro has blamed the protesters for the country’s shortages.
petersburg, headed by security council secretary sergei ivanov.
the move is already being compared to president george w.
is big tech destroying retail markets?
some of these policies are in fact beggar-thyself policies.
the effects would be gradual but merciless.
this could be the case in today’s middle east.
trump’s global trade war is equally self-defeating.
still, is protesting outside particular public buildings really necessary?
human wellbeing is the end.
and yet four of those 11 still failed.
they want the liberation of a grand challenge.
the same can be said of fiscal policy.
a truly democracy-enhancing globalization would respect these boundaries.
first and foremost, it would automatically prevent trade wars.
unfortunately, too few voices have been ringing out.
the announcement took few observers by surprise.
the second route is the lack of transparency in decision-making.
america’s agricultural subsidies do just that.
but time is running out.
for europe, africa’s economic potential remains far from tapped.
big investors, particularly asian countries’ reserve funds, are increasingly nervous.
yet the srf has received scant attention from western media.
but worse was to come.
will it have to get the bomb, too?
since then, work-time has steadily declined.
wars and conflict produce millions of new refugees.
why not also for england, for that matter?
right now, this entails `just saying no' to president bush.
the implications of this madness are ominous.
cambridge: turkey has been escaping trouble seemingly forever.
lawrence river near quebec, canada.
and so, as our woman illustrates, america just stumbles on.
if you suffer a shock, just turn the other cheek.
the global economy is now their platform.
these tools are versatile and adaptable throughout the continent.
policemen accepted bribes to let the terrorists though.
it is not hard to imagine what those ways are.
these two phenomena are closely related.
any hesitation could have profound and irreparable consequences for him.
clearly, ccbt is a non-starter.
munich – a group of hikers has lost its way.
is it being stolen?
poland went into mourning.
this extreme approach to risk allocation could have far-reaching consequences.
musharraf, who president george w.
consider the following.
that is the slowest pace since 2008.
bangladesh is at a crossroads.
are the productivity gains large enough?
fortunately, such reform is at last on the agenda.
members of his family have also been imprisoned.
the first strategy is problematic because it is unsustainable.
from what i gather, that proposal has been well received.
he deserves the nobel peace prize for his life work.
control of the streets by government is not as secure.
in 1990, average life expectancy was 65 years.
and so, as our man illustrates, america just stumbles on.
this trend has grave implications for agriculture’s ecological footprint.
denmark has taken its official deposit rate into negative territory.
their teachers have fled or are struggling to survive.
hydrocarbon energy depletion is set to complicate matters even more.
start with egypt.
otherwise, europe is in for a rude awakening.
typhoon hagupit is just the latest event to showcase this.
but that could change.
the spanish case is symptomatic of a larger problem.
descoings faced strong – and often cogent ­– opposition.
nonetheless, there remains a way forward.
employment remains strong, and the middle class is growing rapidly.
ge’s r&amp;d center in india is the company’s biggest worldwide.
others died as they opted for abortions in unlicensed facilities.
the results were eye-opening.
all affect the trajectories of growth, income, and employment.
but physics is not without such critics, too.
netanyahu will have american allies to run interference for him.
doctors, like pilots, would be immune from prosecution.
“persistent engagement” can, however, aid deterrence in such difficult cases.
again, bush left him hanging.
successful political leaders understand this.
many more developing countries are taking ownership of their future.
can anything halt this swing of the pendulum?
hers sister and partner, robert weinstein, participated in the payoffs.
but fiscal profligacy alone cannot explain argentina's meltdown.
king must now be a worried man.
what does xi jinping want?
this approach is unlikely to work everywhere in latin america.
would a real-estate bubble have developed in spain?
but if dr.
or, more accurately, something they happen not to be.
the second answer is more cynical.
but none of this is supported by the evidence.
europe will always need to engage with other powers.
for the time being, any significant easing package seems premature.
there are two ways to approach reforestation.
in this, putin’s arrogance is failing russia miserably.
but now italy has become a cautionary tale once again.
constructive conflict in europe is sometimes necessary.
today, these restraints are in the process of being abandoned.
much of it has already been irreversibly damaged.
for the islamists, all shias deserve death anyway, as apostates.
so, just how much hidden us debt is there?
in september, iran conducted tests of a new ballistic missile.
but shared potential does not translate into collaborative action.
but this is rarely the case.
the figures for the us are staggering.
the muslim sisterhood tried to go too far too fast.
all are inconsistent with a stable value of money.
this is a dialogue worth having.
yet we still have very far to go.
as jeffrey d.
they plan when and where to strike.
this implies a massive acceleration of national efforts.
no one can ask china to slow its development.
that was the pattern during the cold war, too.
in the us, consolidation has barely begun.
but no high-level russian or ukrainian official attended.
the narrative should address three essential questions.
perhaps she might have done more in a second term.
but don't look for a banner year.
but it is no guarantee against political influence on inflation.
here technology was deservedly king.
egypt, for its part, has disastrously mismanaged its exchange rate.
the japanese parallels do not stop there.
she deserves respect and recognition.
winning broad public support will take time.
much of the tv-6 affair, indeed, was about money.
yet truth has triumphed over political maneuvers.
the opposition has since boycotted all constituent assembly proceedings.
huntington's other example also fail to support his thesis.
those imbalances reflect a much broader phenomenon: globalization.
india cannot escape history, but it can address its legacy.
all development financing should follow this path.
that scenario is not merely hypothetical.
health, we know, is related to stress.
that blindness was repeated once again in brazil.
and the distortions don't stop there.
even so, there could be victims.
by “better,” i mean better ethically, not materially.
but the market itself will be trump’s biggest constraint.
others speak about the disappearance of business cycles.
and that paradox is now affecting even the core.
this may be changing.
the views expressed here are the author’s own.
economists are not omniscient, of course.
that would be all for the good.
nairobi – yet again, famine stalks the horn of africa.
